普通 高 中 教科 书

ENGLISH

必 修
ENGLISH

必 修

第 二 册

人 民 教 育 出 版 社 课程 教材 研究 所
英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心
(美国 ) 圣 智 学 习 K FA

CE)

编著

A 4 de A nth 2

“北京 ，

i

: Nil

: 刘 道

义 郑 旺 全
We SRR ES

s—Olov Fors Patrick Wallace Simon McCue

Gee E/E 徐 卓 EEE REL

: Ghee EAR
: WAR

普通 高 中 教科 书 ”英语 必修 第 二 册

人 民 教 育 出
《中 国 ) 英语 课程
(美国 ) 圣 智

版 社 课程 教材 研究 所
教材 研究 开发 中 心 编著
学 A 集 团

出 版 A ADA aw tA a
(北京 市 海淀 区 中 关 村 南大 街 17 号 院 1 SRE BAH: 100081 )

7.75

|
SMSeARSS BASE

9.05 元

http://www.pep.com.cn

北京 出 版 集团 有 限 责任 公司
北京 新 华 书店

天 津 翔 远 印刷 有 限 公司
2019 年 6 月 第 1 版

2019 年 8 月 第 1 次 印刷
890 毫米 x 1240 2K 1/16

205 千 字
ISBN 978-7-107-33651-5

价格 依据 文件 号 : 京 发 改 规 [2016 ] 13 号 ” 审 图 号 : GS ( 2017 ) 792 号

版 权 所 有 “ 未 经 许可 不 得 采用 任何 方式 擅自 复制 或 使 用 本 产品 任何 部 分 . 违 者 必 究
如 发 现 内 容 质 量 问题 ， 请 登录 中 小 学 教材 意见 反馈 平台 : jeyjfk.pep.com.en
如 发 现 印 、 装 质量 问题 ， 影 响 阅读 ， 请 与 北京 出 版 集团 有 限 责任 公司 联系 调换 。 电 话 : 010-58572293 58572393

绿色 印刷 ”保护 环境 ”爱护 健康

亲爱 的 同学 们 :

你 们 手 ]

的 这 本 教科 书 采用 绿色 印刷 标准 印 制 ， 在 它 的 封底 印 有 “ ada 标志 。 从 2013 年 秋季

ag 人 地 区 出 版 并 使 用 的 义务 教育 阶段 中 小 学 教科 书 全 部 采用 绿色

国家 环境 标准 ( HJ2503-2011 )《 环 境 标志 产品 技术 要 求 ” 印 刷 Bein. 平版 印刷 》， 绿 色 印刷 选

SRO, 油墨 、 胶 水 等 原 辅 材料 ， 生 产 过程 注 重 节能 减 排 ， 印 刷 产品 符合 人 体 健康 要 求 。
让 我 们 携 起 手 来 ， 支 持 绿色 印刷 ， 选 择 绿色 印刷 产品 ， 共 同 关爱 环境 ， 一 起 健康 成 长 !

北京 市 绿色 印刷 工程

《普通 高 中 教科 书 ”英语 》 是 为 了 适应 新 时 代 的 发 展 需要 ， 依 据 《 普 通 高 中 英语 课程 标
准 ( 2017 年 版 )》 的 精神 ， 充 分 征求 广大 师 生 的 反馈 意见 ， 在 《普通 高 中 课程 标准 实验 教科
书 英语》 的 基础 上 精心 修订 而 成 。 此 次 教材 修订 的 主要 目的 是 : 全 面 落 实 立 德 树 人 根本 任
务 ， 培 育 社会 主义 核心 价值 观 ， 弘 扬中 华 优秀 文化 ， 充 分 体现 英语 课程 工具 性 和 人 文 性 的 统
一 ， 发 展 学 生 的 语言 能 力 、 文 化 意识 、 思 维 品 质 和 学 习 能 力 等 英语 学 科 核 心 素养 ， 充 分 体现

英语 学 科 特 殊 的 育 人 价值 ， 培 养 具 有 中 国情 怀 、 国 际 视野 和 跨 文化 沟通 能 力 的 社会 主义 建设
者 和 接班 人 。

修订 后 的 教材 主要 具有 以 下 特点 :

注重 思想 引领 教材 融入 了 社会 主义 核心 价值 观 的 基本 内 容 和 要 求 ， 注 重 培养 学 生 良好
的 政治 素质 、 道 德 品质 和 健全 人 格 ， 弘 扬中 华 优秀 文化 ， 增 强 文化 自信 ， 引 导 学 生 形 成 正确
的 世界 观 、 人 生 观 和 价值 观 。

反映 时 代 要 求 ”教材 充分 反映 当代 社会 发 展 新 变化 、 科 技 进 步 新 成 果 ， 展 示 新 时 代 中 国
特色 社会 主义 新 成 就 ， 将 先进 的 教育 思想 和 理念 融入 到 教材 之 中 ， 同 时 紧密 结合 学 生 的 学 习
和 生活 实际 ， 关 注 信息 化 环境 下 学 生 的 发 展 需求 。

强调 语言 实践 ”教材 以 英语 学 习 活 动 观 为 指导 ， 以 主题 为 引领 ， 以 语 篇 为 依托 ， 通 过 板
块 式 设计 将 语言 知识 与 听 、 说 、 读 、 看 、 写 等 技能 有 机 整合 ， 强 调 学 习 过 程 和 学 习 策略 ， 突
出 活动 目标 ， 让 学 生 用 语言 做 事情 ， 在 实践 中 培养 语言 运用 能 力 和 创新 思维 。

突出 文化 意识 ”教材 通过 展示 多 姿 多 彩 的 中 外 文化 来 培养 学 生 对 中 华文 化 的 认同 和 传承 ，
加 深 对 人 类 优秀 文化 的 学 习 和 鉴赏 ;通过 让 学 生 分 析 中 外 文化 异同 ， 发 展 其 多 元 思维 和 批判
性 思维 ， 增 强 学 生 跨 文化 理解 和 跨 文 化 沟通 能 力 ， 构 建 人 类 命运 共同 体 意识 。

激发 学 习 动 机 ”教材 以 真实 性 、 趣 味 性 、 规 范 性 和 经 典 性 作为 内 容 选 编 原 则 ， 主 题 覆 盖
面 广 ， 语 篇 题材 和 体裁 丰富 ， 活 动 呈 现形 式 多 样 ， 版 式 设 计生 动 活泼 且 富有 美感 ， 力 求 激发
学 生 的 学 习 兴 趣 和 动机 ， 引 发 他 们 积极 思考 、 主 动 参与 语言 实践 活动 ， 提 升 英语 学 习 效 率 。

满足 不 同 需求 ”教材 编排 内 容 和 活动 设计 既 充 分 考虑 学 生 的 共同 基础 ， 又 兼顾 学 生 不 同
的 能 力 水 平和 学 习 需 求 , 提供 了 拓展 性 的 教学 内 容 , 为 教师 灵活 使 用 教材 进行 教学 提供 了 便利 ，
也 切实 促进 学 生 的 个 性 发 展 。

本 套 教 材 为 高 中 英语 教学 提供 了 丰富 的 教学 资源 。 希 望 教材 能 够 帮助 同学 们 打下 坚实 的
语言 基础 ， 提 高 英语 水 平 ， 获 得 全 面 发 展 ; 同时 也 希望 老师 们 能 够 充分 利用 教材 ， 在 实践 中
不 断 完 善 教学 ， 取 得 良好 的 教学 效果 。

编者
2019 年 4 月

RN EAE ER TE STO NTE TOSI EEE AE PL EE IE SEED SE EE ELBE ER TEE

Pe

CONTENTS

Theme

UNIT 1

CULTURAL
HERITAGE

UNIT 2

WILDLIFE
PROTECTION

UNIT 3

THE
INTERNET

UNIT 4

HISTORY
AND
TRADITIONS

UNIT 5

MUSIC

WORKBOOK

Listening

An international youth
project

Use context to guess
words

Visiting interesting places

Saving endangered
wildlife

Use visuals to predict
content

Birdwatching

Online habits

Listen for definitions

Choosing apps

Visiting Qufu
Understand idioms

A tourist's view of
Pingyao

Music preferences
Paraphrase

Music festival
announcement

Unit 1
Unit 2
Unit 3
Unit 4
Unit 5

p. 61
p. 67
p. 73
p. 79
p. 85

Speaking

Starting a
conversation

Expressing
purposes

Predictions,
guesses, and
beliefs

Expressing
excitement,
surprise, and
disappointment

Talking about
preferences

Reading

From Problems to
Solutions

Make a timeline

Promoting Culture
Through Digital Images

New Discoveries from the
Past

A Day in the Clouds

Identify literal and implied
meaning

Wildlife Protection Posters

The Strange Tale of the
Milu Deer

Stronger Together: How
We Have Been Changed
by the Internet

Read headlines
Online Safety

My Day Online

What’s in a Name?
Read a map

Beautiful Ireland and Its
Traditions

Hello from Cairo and
Athens

The Virtual Choir
Scan

A Speech About the
Impact of Music

Cat's in the Cradle
Writing Pronunciation

Consonant clusters:
initial and final clusters

A news report
about cultural
heritage
protection

A poster about Word stress: polysyllabic

an endangered words

species

A blog post Sentence stress
about online

safety

A description Linkage of sounds

of a beautiful or
unusual place

A speech about Incomplete

how music plosives

can change a

person’s life
APPENDICES

Structure

Restrictive relative
clauses (3)

The present
continuous passive
voice

The present perfect
Passive voice

Past participles (1)
as the attribute
and the object
complement

Past participles (2)
as the predicative
and the adverbial

Notes
Grammar

Words and Expressions in Each Unit

Vocabulary
Irregular Verbs

*Project

Learn about
intangible cultural
heritage

Plan an animal
rescue centre

Compare
English learning
websites/apps

Introduce the
traditions of a
country/city/
village

Explore
interesting
aspects about
music

*Video Time

The Great Wall

The Elephant
Whisperers

Social Media
and Teen Health

An Introduction
to Historic
London

World Music

p. 91
p. 98
p. 101
p. 107
p. 114
In this unit, you will Look and discuss

1 read about the Aswan Dam project. 1 What do you know about the place in the
2 listen to a news report and talk about culture photo?

and history. 2 What do you think of when you hear the
3 write a news report about someone who works phrase “cultural heritage”?

to protect cultural heritage.
4 learn about world cultural heritage sites.
Listening and Speaking

Take part in a youth project

1 Before you listen, look at the pictures below. What are the students doing?

() 2 Listen to the conversation and choose the main idea.

A Students from different countries are working creatively to protect a temple in China.

B Youths from seven countries are working together to protect cultural relics on Mount Tai.

C Doing a project on cultural heritage protection in China is interesting and exciting.

© 3 Listen again and help the reporter to complete the interview notes.

International youth project, high school students from 7 countries

Mount Tai, one of the most mountains in China
It has been for more than 3,000 years.
22 temples, around 1,800 with writing on them

Dai Temple on ; over 6,000

of

A

4 Practise using context clues to guess the meaning of new words. Look at the

example and fill in the blank.

EXAMPLE

The palace was destroyed years ago. By studying old photos of the

former palace, they have made the new one look exactly like the old

one.

Clues: destroyed years ago; studying old photos; made the new
palace like the old one

Guess: The former palace means “the palace that

Use context to guess
words

new words, look at the
other words and use what
you know about the topic.

voures SS eee

”

}
|
得
To guess the meaning of |

2 UNIT 1 CULTURAL HERITAGE

© 5 Listen to the conversation again and use the context to guess the meaning of the
words below. Tick the reason why you were able to guess the words.

| Reason Preserve Promote Cypress

| The word is an example of a group/type | know. |

| The word is explained by the speaker.

| The word means the opposite of a word | know.
_ The word means the same as a word | know.

| know the general meaning of the word.

|
| The speaker gives an example of the word.

6 Help the reporter to complete the news report based on what you hear and the
interview notes.

International Youth Camp Members Create Mount Tai App

Tai‘an, 18 June 2019. A group of high school students who
are taking part in an international youth camp at Mount Tai
are creating a(n) about China’s most famous
mountain. The purpose of the camp is to

Mount Tai by introducing it to young people in a fun and
easy way. The students are making an app about Mount
Tai and taking photos of the and stones. The
volunteers also visit middle schools in the area in order to
talk to local teenagers. Liu Bin, a member of the camp, says
that he is to help Mount Tai as people have done for more than 3,000 years.

7 Workin pairs and discuss the questions.

1 Would you like to take part in a project like this? Why or why not?
2 Could you think of more ways to protect the cultural heritage? Write them down.

，

©) 1 Listen and tick the word that you hear.

1 [present / (7) pleasant 2 [i crew / {| grew 3 [| scream / | cream

4 | J exist / (1 exists 5 [\ twelve /() twelfth 6 [-jconfident / || confused

Check your answers with a partner. Then listen again and repeat.

2 Read the sentences and pay attention to the underlined words.

1 | Yuanmingyuan? Just across the street. / 口 Yuanmingyuan? Just cross the street.
2 | Bruce referred to the guidebook. / 口 Bruce preferred the guidebook.

3 口 The dragon followed its tail. / (] The dragon followed its trail.

4 (It is a different context. / It is a different contest.

5 | The trays were dark green. / 7] The trains were dark green.

QO 3 Listen and repeat.
Ve J

UNIT 1 CULTURAL HERITAGE 3

Reading and Thinking

Understand how a problem was solved

1 Read the title and look at the photos. What do you think the text is about?

) 2 Scan the text for numbers. Circle the numbers and guess what they mean.

FROM PROBLEMS TO SOLUTIONS |

Economic development is necessary if we want to improve society. There comes a time
when the old must give way to the new, and it is not possible to preserve everything from
our past as we move towards the future. Finding and keeping the right balance between
progress and the protection of cultural sites can be a big challenge.

Big challenges, however, can sometimes lead to great solutions. In the 1950s, the Egyptian
government wanted to build a new dam across the Nile in order to control floods, produce
electricity, and supply water to more farmers in the area. But the proposal led to protests.
Water from the dam would likely damage a number of temples and destroy cultural relics
that were an important part of Egypt's cultural heritage. After listening to the scientists who
had studied the problem, and citizens who lived near the dam, the government turned to
the United Nations for help in 1959.

A committee was established to limit damage to the Egyptian buildings and prevent i
the loss of cultural relics. The group asked for contributions from different departments |
and raised funds within the international community. Experts investigated the issue, |
conducted several tests, and then made a proposal for how the buildings could be saved.
Finally, a document was signed, and the work began in 1960.

The project brought together governments and environmentalists from around the world.
Temples and other cultural sites were taken down piece
by piece, and then moved and put back together again
in a place where they were safe from the water. In 1961,
German engineers moved the first temple. Over the next
20 years, thousands of engineers and workers rescued
22 temples and countless cultural relics. Fifty countries
donated nearly $80 million to the project.

When the project ended in 1980, it was considered a
great success. Not only had the countries found a path to
the future that did not run over the relics of the past, but
they had also learnt that it was possible for countries to
work together to build a better tomorrow.

The spirit of the Aswan Dam project is still alive today.
Perhaps the best example is shown by UNESCO,
which runs a programme that prevents world cultural
heritage sites around the world from disappearing. If a
problem seems too difficult for a single nation, the global
community can sometimes provide a solution.

eco antn

SSS RSS 2 CREA OS TF AA SII

4 UNIT 1 CULTURAL HERITAGE
3 Read the text again and answer the questions.

1 Why did the Egyptian government want to attempt Make a timeline

the building of the dam? Making a timeline that
shows when different events
happened can help you
understand how the events
are connected to each other.

How were the temples and other cultural sites saved?

How long did it take to complete the project?

4 Complete the timeline with the information from the text.

The project starts. The temples and cultural relics are being rescued.
The project is completed. The first temple is moved. The government asks the UN for help.
1960

eo) ee

The project starts.

5 Complete the news report with the correct forms of the words in the box.
Then suggest a suitable title.

development progress proposal preserve

temple damage heritage establish prevent

Cairo, 16 March, 1956

In a speech today, a scientist gave her view on the new . She said that
is important and our area needs economic as well. But she added,

“We should not accept the project if it puts our cultural in danger. We must protect

the and make sure that no is done.” Before she ended her speech,

the scientist suggested that we need to a committee of experts to

the cultural heritage and it from being harmed.

6 Discuss one or more of the questions below in groups.

1 What were the solutions to the problem of building the Aswan Dam?

2 A lot of money was spent to protect the temples. Do you think it was worthwhile?
Why or why not?

3 Why do you think so many countries contributed funds and offered help to
the Egyptian project?

UNIT 1 CULTURAL HERITAGE 5

Discovering Useful Structures

Describe people or things in greater detail

1 Look at the sentences below and underline the relative pronouns and adverbs.
After listening to the scientists who had studied the problem, and citizens who lived near the
dam, the government turned to the United Nations for help.

Temples and other cultural sites were taken down piece by piece, and then moved and put
back together again in a place where they were safe from the water.

Find more sentences containing relative clauses from the text on page 4, and
discuss briefly with a partner the major functions of them. Then make a short
summary in a table or mind map.

2 Rewrite the sentences using relative clauses.
EXAMPLE
| have downloaded that free app, but it doesn’t work well.>
The free app (which/that) | have downloaded doesn’t work well.

1 He showed me a photo in his room. It was a photo of a famous cultural relic in Egypt.
The photo

2 The project team helped protect the national parks in the United Republic of Tanzania. It was
formed by members from fifteen countries.
The project team

3 This temple was first built during the Qin Dynasty 一
The time

4 We met a professional archaeologist at the entrance to the Great Pyramid. He
explained to us the process of building such a difficult structure.
The professional archaeologist

5 The documents about the cultural relics from overseas are under the desk. | found them
yesterday.
The place

6 Scientists worked together day and night to rescue the temple because they wanted to preserve it
for the next generation.
The reason

Discuss with a partner: Which relative pronouns can be deleted in your
sentences? When can you go without the relative pronouns like this?

3 Work in pairs and play a game of definitions. One asks the questions below and
the other answers them with relative clauses. Work out two more questions of
your own.

EXAMPLE
A: What is an exit?

B: An exit is the door where / through which you can leave a building.
1 What's a library? (from/in which; where) 2 What's a good friend? (to whom; who)

3 What's a vacation? (during which; when) 4 What's a football coach? (from whom; who)

6 UNIT 1 CULTURAL HERITAGE
Listening and Talking

Talk about history and culture

4 1 Listen to the conversation and choose the correct answers.

1 Where are the speakers? A Ona street. B Onaplane. C Onabus.
2 What are they doing? A Drawing a map. B Sightseeing. C Studying culture.

(> 2 What do you know about the Kremlin and Red Square? Listen again and
complete the fact sheet.

World Cultural Heritage Site Fact Sheet

Built between the and centuries

e The palace where lives

The Saint Basil’s Cathedral looks like 上 -

s The part of Moscow 于 ce as !

s Place for parades, concerts, and even rx
=i, a aliid:s

3 Work in groups. Choose a cultural site that you like and role-play a conversation
between some tourists and their tour guide. Take turns to play the different roles.

EXAMPLE

Tourist A: | beg your pardon, but is this the Xuanyuan Mirror?
Could you please tell me about it?

Tour guide: Yes, it is. It is said that it’s a mirror that can tell right from wrong!

... | see that you’re looking at that carving on the roof. Did you
know that it’s called chiwen—one of the nine sons of the
Chinese dragon?

Tourist B: No, | didn’t. That’s so interesting!

Starting a conversation

I beg your pardon, but ...
Forgive me for asking, but .…
Excuse me, but what is ...?

Excuse me. Could you please tell me
about ...?

Do/Did you know ...?

I see that you are ...

| The Forbidden City

| UNIT 1 CULTURAL HERITAGE 7
Reading for Writing

LD)

8

Write a news report
1 Read the news report and answer the questions.

=¥,

x,

PROMOTING CULTURE
THROUGH DIGITAL IMAGES

Lanzhou, 9 August 2017. A group of researchers and scientists from China and other countries are
working together to help increase knowledge and appreciation of China’s ancient cultural heritage.
They are recording and collecting digital images of cultural relics from the Mogao Caves, which
were a key stop along the Silk Road throughout China’s ancient history. Nearly 500,000 high-
quality digital photographs have been produced since the international project started in 1994.

The Mogao Caves have long been a meeting point for different cultures and are part of the history
of many countries. Today, the caves are just as international as they were at the time when people
travelled the Silk Road. Tourists from all over the world visit Dunhuang to see the caves, and the
Getty Museum in Los Angeles has even reproduced a copy of the
caves and paintings for people to admire in America.

By sharing so many digital photos over the Internet, the group
hopes to promote even wider interest around the world in
China’s ancient history, culture, and traditions. They also hope
to further educate people about the importance of safeguarding
historic and cultural relics for future generations to understand
and appreciate. As one researcher who is working on the project
explains, “Appreciating one’s own cultural heritage is very
important for understanding oneself. Appreciating the cultural
heritage of other countries is very important for international
communication and understanding.”

1 What are the researchers and scientists trying to do?
What modern technology are they using?

Why are so many people interested in the Mogao Caves?

What do you think of the researcher’s opinion in the last paragraph?

2 Study the organisation and language features.

1 Read the news report again and find these parts.

A Lead sentence B Direct quote C Paraphrase
D Background information E Reporting verbs F Words to show comparison and/or contrast

2 Underline the relative clauses that the writer uses to identify the following.
A things B people C time

UNIT 1 CULTURAL HERITAGE
3 Write a news report about a person or group who works to protect our
cultural heritage. You can use the interview notes below or write about a

person or group that you know of.

1 Read the interview notes.

eo a ier : x

| Chen Lei, Wuhan Protectors of the Past, Wuhu

|

_ «senior teacher 。 protect old houses

__ «takes photos of old buildings « help repair buildings
* wants to preserve cultural heritage » look for cultural relics
interviews old people e show cultural relics to the public
e writes about the buildings * raise money

| evisits schools to tell students about ... e repair temples and cultural relics

2 Draft a news report in which you explain what the person or group does.

* Write a title to get the
Headline readers’ attention.
Lead sentence « Tell the readers who, what,
where, and why.
e Explain what the
Body person or group does.
Tell the reader e Use relative clauses.

the facts, details,

e Use quotes and
examples, etc.

paraphrases.

e End with a short
summary to help the
readers remember the
main idea.

Ending

A PICTURE IS WORTH A
THOUSAND WORDS

Chen Lei is a senior
teacher who takes photos
of old buildings in Wuhan
in order to preserve the
city’s cultural heritage.

Every day, Chen Lei takes
his camera and ...

Neither people nor
buildings last forever, but
Chen Lei’s photos can
help us remember them.

3 Exchange drafts with a partner. Use the checklist to help each other revise the drafts.

w Is there a title?

ww Does the lead sentence tell the reader about the situation?

w Has the writer included details and explanations?

w Are there quotes and paraphrases?

w Does the writer use relative clauses to identify people, places, things, times, etc.?

w Does the writer end with a short summary?
wv Are there any grammar or spelling mistakes?

4 Put up your news report in the classroom.

UNIT 1 CULTURAL HERITAGE

10

Assessing Your Progress

1

How can you take part in cultural heritage protection? Read the passage.
Then complete the phrases below and use them to finish the passage.

in to from abalance sure

be proud keep prevent

donate sth lead take part

make turn
Getting young people to activities to protect their national heritage is a good way
to introduce them to their country’s history. As they learn more about where they come from,
they will hopefully tell others about their country and culture. Of course, teachers
must _ between teaching the good and bad parts of a country’s history. Learning only
the good parts can narrow thinking. Learning the bad parts may help
those kinds of things happening again. Students who know their history and
culture are more likely to that their cultural heritage is protected, and teachers can
motivate students by asking them to come up with their own ideas and make proposals for
ways to protect this. One possible idea is for students to raise or money

an organisation or group that protects their country’s cultural heritage. Teachers may also
___ their local museums or historical societies for help in getting students more
interested in this important field.

Read the conversation and learn about intangible cultural heritage (ICH).
Then complete it with the correct relative pronouns or adverbs.

A: My teacher just gave us a task | really don’t know how to do. | have to take part
in an organisation protects our cultural heritage.

B: Oh, that sounds interesting! Where are you planning to go? I’m sure there are all kinds of
historic sites cultural relics need to be protected.

A: Yes, but I’m not one of those people love museums. | think they're kind of boring.
| like going on field trips | can experience and do things to protect cultural relics.

B: Cultural heritage is a lot more than just relics, you know. For example, our country has
many nationalities dances, crafts, and other traditions are also very important. If
we don't protect those traditions, there may come a time they disappear.

© Did you find it easy or difficult to talk about culture and history? Why or why not?

© What was the most interesting part of this unit and why? —

© How does learning about cultural heritage affect your opinion about your
protecting your culture?

© Overall, | thought this unit was © good ©)useful ©so-so ©) difficult.

role in

UNIT 1 CULTURAL HERITAGE
*Project: Learn about intangible cultural heritage

A country’s cultural heritage includes not only temples, palaces, and other cultural relics,
but also its traditions, customs, and knowledge, such as dances, arts, and crafts. Learn
more about intangible cultural heritage and prepare a class presentation.

1 Work in pairs. Look at the examples of Chinese ICH and discuss the questions.

« Are you familiar with any of these examples of Chinese ICH? Tell your partner what you
know about them.

« Have you ever observed or taken part in any of them? If so, when and where? Share
your experiences with your partner.

« What other kinds of ICH do you know about? Share what you know with your partner.

2 Workin groups. Choose something that represents ICH. Use the library or the
Internet to do research. You can refer to the questions below as a guide.

w What is it? v What are its characteristics?

w What does it look like? ~ Howis it used/done/made?

Y Who uses/does it? w Does it have any symbolic meaning?
~ Why should we protect it? ¥ Howcan we protect it?

3 Make a presentation to the class about the ICH that you have chosen.

UNIT 1 CULTURAL HERITAGE

* Video Time #u

The Great Wall

The Great Wall of China is the largest structure ever
made and one of the great wonders of the world. -
This makes it an important cultural heritage site not
just for China, but for all people around the world. ©

BEFORE YOU WATCH

Match the phrases below with the pictures from the video.

A surveyors and archaeologists studying the Great Wall B weeds speeding up its collapse
C volunteers taking care of the Great Wall D sections fallen into ruins

WHILE YOU WATCH

1 Read the statements and decide whether they are true (T) or false (F).
1 Every part of the Great Wall is easy to find and see. Oo FL

2 The Great Wall took 2,300 years to build. z F/
3 Some of the Great Wall has been lost. 7 FL
4 The length of the Great Wall is the same as the distance between 5a F[

the North and South Poles.
2 Complete the sentences below with the words you hear in the video.
1 We are and we usually come here once a month.
2 But when we are not busy with school, we come here
3 We hope more people will protect our

4 We need to protect the Great Wall, so we can present it to the future generations
and let our cultural imprint

AFTER YOL

Discuss the questions in pairs.

1 Why is it important to protect cultural heritage sites like the Great Wall?

2 Are there any important cultural heritage sites in your area?
What can you do to help protect and take care of them?

12 UNIT 1 CULTURAL HERITAGE
When the buying stops,
the killing can too.

—WildAid
Listening and Speaking

Talk about saving endangered wildlife

1 Before you listen, discuss these
questions in pairs.

1 What message do these posters share?
2 Which one moves you the most? Why?

150-200
N

species
]

O

3
a

() 2 Listen to the first part and fill in the blanks.

Our planet's is dying out at an alarming

rate. Between 150 and 200 spec! e becoming

extinct eve

/ day. This mass extinction is « ed

by hunting, habitat

, and pollution. We

must make people aware of the problem and help

the endanger 0 late!

d wildlife before it’s

Use visuals to
predict content

Before you listen, look at
pictures, charts, videos, and
other visuals to help you
predict what you will hear.

A Protect wildlife: 4

a

*
Wi

Wha
on Earth

We We Doing
sto Our Planet?

© 3 Listen to the second part and answer the questions.

1 How many elephants are killed on average every day?
2 What did Prince William say about China?

A China has made a lot of progress.

B China can become a global leader in wildlife protection.

C China preserves its natural habitats well.

4 Discuss the question in groups.

What does “Change begins with you” mean?

14 UNIT 2 WILDLIFE PROTECTION
5 In pairs, discuss the questions, role-play the example, and then talk about one
of the animals in the photos below.

1 What do you know about the animals in the photos?
2 What is being done to help them?
EXAMPLE
A: I’m concerned about the African elephants. What do you know about them?

B: Well, | know that they're being hunted and their habitat is getting smaller, so
they’re in danger of extinction. Elephants need large living spaces, so it’s difficult
for them to adapt to the changes.

A: That's terrible. What measures are being taken to help them?

B: The authorities are under pressure to build elephant parks and tell people not to buy
elephant products.

blue whale panda African elephants

o Pronunciation

1 Work in pairs. Read the words aloud to each other, and put them into the
correct groups. O and O stand for stressed syllables (O for primary stress,
and O for secondary stress), and o for unstressed syllable.

alarming announcement authority architecture civilisation
competition contribution electricity investigate literary
recommend responsibility vocabulary volunteer refrigerator

EXAMPLE ©oo _ habitat OO downstairs

oOo OoO

Oooo oQoo

OoOo oOooo

ooOOoo Oo oOo ooOoOoo

7) 2 Check your answers with another pair. Then listen and repeat.

> 3 Listen to the conversation in Activity 5, paying attention to the stress
patterns of the polysyllabic words and repeat them. J

UNIT 2 WILDLIFE PROTECTION 15

Learn about protecting endangered animals

1

Before you read, discuss these questions in pairs.

1 Look at the pictures below. What do you think the text is about?

2 What do you know about the Tibetan antelope and the Changtang
National Nature Reserve? ‘

The air is thin and we have to rest several times on the short hike from
camp. To our left, snow-covered mountains disappear into

clouds that seem almost close enough to touch. On the plain

in front of us, we can just make out a herd of graceful animals. ”
This is why we're here—to observe Tibetan antelopes. }

Tibetan antelopes live on the plains of Tibet, Xinjiang, and Qinghai. Watching them move
slowly across the green grass, I’m struck by their beauty. I’m also reminded of the danger
they are in. They are being hunted, illegally, for their valuable fur.

My guide is Zhaxi, a villager from Changtang. He works at the Changtang National
Nature Reserve. The reserve is a shelter for the animals and plants of northwestern
Tibet. To Zhaxi, the land is sacred and protecting the wildlife is a way of life. “We're
not trying to save the animals,” he says. “Actually, we're trying to save ourselves.”

The 1980s and 1990s were bad times for the Tibetan antelope. The population
dropped by more than 50 percent. Hunters were shooting antelopes to make profits.
Their habitats were becoming smaller as new roads and railways were built.

In order to save this species from extinction, the Chinese government placed it
under national protection. Zhaxi and other volunteers watched over the antelopes
day and night to keep them safe from attacks. Bridges and gates were added to let
the antelopes move easily and keep them safe from cars and trains.

The measures were effective. The antelope population has recovered and in June
2015, the Tibetan antelope was removed from the endangered species list. The
government, however, does not intend to stop the protection programmes, since
the threats to the Tibetan antelope have not yet disappeared.

In the evening, | drink a cup of tea and watch the stars. | think about the antelopes
and what Zhaxi told me. Much is being done to protect wildlife, but if we really want
to save the planet, we must change our way of life. Only when we learn to exist in
harmony with nature can we stop being a threat to wildlife and to our planet.

™@) 2 Read the text and answer the questions.

Why did the writer visit Tibet?
What happened to the Tibetan antelope in the 1980s and 1990s?
What did people do to help protect the Tibetan antelope?

What does “national protection” mean? Can you list more examples?

a 上 mm 一

How does the writer feel about modern life? How do you know?

3 Read the sentences below, and decide if each idea is the literal meaning (L)

of the text or only implied (I) by the text.

EXAMPLE
; } Identify literal and implied
_I_ The Tibetan antelope lives high above sea level. meaning
( This is implied by “The air is thin”.) Literal meaning is the usual,
basic meaning of the words,

____ When they first saw the antelopes, they were very far away. fe ecactlyaphat he wercs cay,

We should not buy goods made from endangered animals. RUG oboe eee
but not directly expressed, i.e.
____ Human activities are threatening animals and plants. you guess the meaning based

on what you know.
___ The Tibetan antelope is not an endangered species now.

Learn about elephants by reading and completing the passage with the
correct forms of the words.

hunter illegally reserve attack
exist plain harmony _ threat

Herds of elephants used to live on the of Africa
and in the forests of Asia. But today, they face a serious
from . These large animals
are being killed for their body parts that are
considered valuable. In order to save them, some countries have
created where they can live in peace and safety.
However, the on them will continue as long as
interest in buying elephant products . To achieve
between humans and animals, the world must

protect these beautiful creatures.

Discuss the questions below in pairs.

The writer says that we must change our way of life and learn to live in harmony with nature in
order to save our planet. Do you agree? What do you think we should do or change?

UNIT 2 WILDLIFE PROTECTION

17

Discovering Useful Structures

Report an ongoing event

1

Underline the present continuous passive voice in the sentences and discuss its "
function.

e African elephants are being hunted.
e What is being done to help them?
What measures are being taken to help them?

Find more sentences with the same verb form in this unit.

Choose the suitable verb forms to complete the sentences.

I’m (working / being worked) at home today because my Office is (painted / being painted).
The alarming report is (written / being written). It will be finished soon.

What part of the city is (attacked / being attacked) now?

Right now, the deer are (watched / being watched) over by many volunteers.

Who is (hunting / being hunted) the kangaroos? Where are they (hunted / being hunted)?

oa rk WOOD 一

It is reported that living spaces for wildlife are (reduced / being reduced) due to the cutting of
trees.

Liu Tao would like to express his concern over the wetland in his hometown. Help him
finish the passage with the present continuous passive voice of the verbs in brackets.
In the wetland of my hometown, there are many different kinds of animals, including wild
birds, fish, snakes, insects and so on. When | was in primary school, | often went there with
my friends to watch the birds and study them. That was an interesting place for all of us.
But things have begun to change in recent years. Small birds (catch) with
nets. Wild ducks (Sell) at food markets. Fish and snakes (kill)
for food in restaurants. And even worse, the wetland (destroy). Some parts
(cover) with new houses. You can see rubbish everywhere. The wetland
(pollute) seriously every day. | am very worried about it. What can we do?

Listening and Talking

Help the wildlife in your neighbourhood

1 Match the words with the pictures.

1 binoculars
2 bird feeder
3 bird field guide

2 Choose the right ending for each sentence.
1 Binoculars

Expressing purposes
2 Build bird feeders P SPUR

3 Use a bird field guide . This is used for ...

4 Put paper cut-outs on windows ; I did it to / in order to /
A inorder to identify birds eb
B so that birds do not crash into them He has done it so that /
C to make sure that birds have enough food in order that ...

D are used for watching birds from far away

() 3 Listen and answer the questions.

1 Who are the teenagers? 2 Where are they?
3 What are they doing? 4 Why are they doing it?

) 4 Listen again and use the phrases you hear to fill in the blanks.

They got up early search for wild birds.
I've brought a field guide we can look up the birds we see.
My dad gave me the binoculars we can see the birds better.

人 PR 一

Birdwatching clubs clean up habitats, build bird feeders, and put paper cut-outs on
windows protect birds.

5 Think of other wildlife in your neighbourhood and their needs. What can you
do to care for them? Discuss their needs and solutions in groups.

EXAMPLE
A: | often see wild cats in our neighbourhood. Maybe we should do something to care for them.
B: Should we put out bowls of food for them?

C: Sure, and | think we could also put out boxes or other things for them, so that they can
find shelter when it’s cold or wet outside.

UNIT 2 WILDLIFE PROTECTION 19
Reading for Writing

Make an effective poster

1 Look at the posters below. Which emotions do the photos communicate?

e funny @ surprising e frightening esad e..
poster on the left poster on the right

| think it’s ...

m@) 2 Read the posters and write a one-sentence summary for each.

ake’ aper
wit My Home!

When it comes to wildlife piotection ol
species—the good, the bad, cand the ugly— :
should be treated equally. Pandas, dolphins, ©
and other cute wildlife are important, but we
must pay attention to less cute animals, too. habitat of onimoks such as ieee
The world needs all kinds—without variety, ROSIE IFT INS Vay oR Gr SW Pl
oe : s homes are being destroyed!
our planet cannot survive. So if you want the

Is it right to make animals
future to be beautiful, oy have to give ugly homeless so that humans can
a chance.

， have more paper?

Billions of trees are being cut
down every year to make
paper for humans. Every tree
that is cut down is a part of the |

3 Look at the posters again. Discuss the questions in groups.

1 What does each poster use to stir up emotions?
2 Who do you think is the intended audience for each poster? Why do you think so?
3 What does each poster want people to do? How do you know?

4 In your opinion, which poster is more effective? Why?

20 UNIT 2 WILDLIFE PROTECTION
4 Work in pairs. Make a poster about an endangered animal.

1 Choose one of the animals below or one of your own. Do some research to add to the
animal fact sheet.

South China Tiger

Why is it endangered? Hunted for its skin and fur
Population: 0 in the wild; 30—80 still living

What is being done? A plan is being carried out to increase
the number of wild tigers.

What can we do? Do not buy fur or other tiger products!

Yangtze River Dolphin
Why is it endangered? Habitat loss and pollution
Population: 1,000—1,800

What is being done? The dolphins are being moved to a clean
and safe habitat.

What can we do? Clean up the rivers!

2 Follow these steps to organise your poster.

Write a title that is simple, interesting, and unusual,
and then collect the information you need.
eye

é Write the name of the species and why it is endangered.

a a Sarees

J
]
Use a powerful image to attract the readers’ attention |
to the facts and problems. |
a
6 Tell the readers what you want them to think and do. |

5 Exchange posters with another pair. Use this checklist to give them helpful
feedback.

vy Does the poster include key information about the animal?

w Does the poster explain why it is endangered?

w Does the poster support its information with facts?

v \|s the message of the poster clear, i.e. can you tell clearly what the designer
wants the reader to think or do?

v ls the image on the poster effective?

6 Put up the poster in your classroom or ina public place.

UNIT 2 WILDLIFE PROTECTION

21

Assessing Your Progress

1 Complete the phrases and use them to finish the passage.

about for of out to up
adapt die be concerned
search put be aware
The World Wide Fund For Nature (WWF) the many
species of plants and animals that around the
world. The WWF wants more people to the

problem, so they will stop hurting wildlife and

solutions. Very few people in modern society actually intend

to harm animals. Most people do not realise that many animal

species cannot the changes brought about by

modern civilisation. It is for this reason that the WWF constantly
information to stir up public interest in the welfare

of the planet.

Think about what the WWF does to protect wildlife.

2 Read and complete the passage with the present continuous passive voice of
the verbs in brackets.

It may seem that protecting wildlife is something far from the life of a high school
student, but in fact, a lot (do) by young people around the world. In
Washington State, USA, wolverines ( 43 ## ) (study) by scientists in an effort
to learn how to preserve the population. However, during the winter, it is difficult to
attract the animals to cameras hidden in snowy forests. A group of students heard
about the problem and created a special device which (test) deep ina
snowy forest now. Their invention (use) to send out a certain smell near the
cameras. The shy animals are attracted by the smell and coming around the cameras.
They (observe) by a conservation researcher.

What do you think of the invention?

( REFLECTING.

© In this unit, | was especially moved by
because

© | thought the most helpful part of the unit was
because

© | thought the most difficult part of the unit was
because

© Overall, | thought this unit was ©) wonderful © good ©so-so © too hard.

22 UNIT 2 WILDLIFE PROTECTION
*Project: Plan an animal rescue centre

Endangered animals are not the only animals that need help and protection. All animals need help
at times, such as pets that are left homeless when their owners move or wounded birds that fall to
the ground. They can be kept in an animal rescue centre for some time until they recover.

1 Here is part of a report about an animal rescue centre. Read the passage and
then tell your partner about it. The questions may help you.

SMALL FRIENDS PET SHELTER

The Small Friends Pet Shelter was started by a
group of high school students and their parents
when they started to see many pets that were
left behind after their families moved away.

Today, there are about 70 cats, 50 dogs,
three rabbits, and a few turtles living at the
shelter. The young people who run the shelter
work hard to keep the place clean, take care
of the animals, and advertise the animals so
that they can be adopted.

They have already helped to find homes for
nearly 200 animals. It is hard work, but the
young people working at the shelter think it is
worth it.
So if you find a pet that is lost, call the young
people at Small Friends Pet Shelter! And if you
1 What is the rescue centre called? want to help out, go and volunteer your time
2 Whostarted it? and love. That is what the animals really need
| 3 What animals were rescued? most.
4 What help does the centre need?

BATAAN TNAAKATITD

2 Think about animals that need help. Plan an animal rescue centre for them.
Discuss the questions in groups.
ww What will it be called? What can we do to help the animals?
What skills or equipment do we need? ~~ Where should the centre be built?
w What help could people offer?

3 Make a poster in which you describe your animal rescue centre and ask for
help. Put up the poster on the classroom wall.

UNIT 2 WILDLIFE PROTECTION 23

BEFORE YOU WATCH

Look at the title, introduction, and picture. Then guess whether the
statements are true (T) or false (F).

1 The elephants’ mothers left them alone. T =|

2 The baby elephants all come from different areas of Kenya. oo FA
3 The native environment of the elephants is the forest. | Fl)
4 The keepers have to feed the elephants every four hours, day and night. 工 Fl)
5 The keepers have to sleep with the elephants. | eC

2 Arrange the following items in the order you see them in the video. Write
the numbers 1-7 on the lines.

A Two elephants make friends.

B The elephant keepers lead the elephants into the forest.
C Akeeper sings to the elephants.

D The elephants play football.

E An elephant keeper feeds an elephant some leaves.

F The keepers put the elephants to bed.

G The keepers feed the elephants milk using bottles.

3 Answer the questions using information from the video.
1 According to the elephant keeper, in what way are elephants like people?

WHILE YOU WATCH
1 Check your answers in Before You Watch.

2 What is the most important thing elephants must learn at the centre?
AFTER YOU WATCH
Discuss the questions in groups.

1 Why is this programme important for elephants and for the world?

2 Have you ever taken care of a baby animal? In what ways is it similar to or different from
taking care of a human baby?

24 UNIT 2 WILDLIFE PROTECTION
THE
ce | NTERNET

ie 这
The Internet is becoming the town sq
\ |
for the global village of tomorro)

—Bill Gates {
2 _ /
In this unit, you will Look and discuss
1 read about online communities. 1. What do you usually do online?
2 listen to people describe their online habits, 2 How can you use the Internet to learn English?
and talk about your own. 3 Have you ever helped others to use the Internet?
3 write a blog post about online safety. How?

4 learn about online education.

Listening and Speaking

Ask about online habits

1 Look at the online activities in the box and match them with the pictures. :
Then tick the pictures of the activities that you like to do when you are online.

write a blog post use a search engine
chat online stream movies and music

四

4) 2 Samis doing a survey on online habits. He is now talking to his schoolmates Anna,
Paul, and Joe. Listen to the conversation and complete the table.

Time spent

ar online every day

| Anna
| Paul
| Joe

@ 3 Listen again and fill in the blanks to complete the sentences.

Online activities Reasons for using the Internet

1 Ablog an online diary where you write about something you’re interested in.
,| like basketball, so | write a lot on my blog about my favourite team.

2 | stream videos and music. , | watch videos and listen to music online.

3 Asearch engine that helps you find what you're looking for.

26 UNIT 3 THE INTERNET

4 Look at Activity 3 again. How are the words in italics defined? Write them in the

correct brackets.

Y

A_ Use simpler words. ( ) Listen for definitions

When you hear a word you don’t know,
B Use an example. ( ) Pay attention to the next sentence
or two to see if there is a definition.
Definitions often begin with words
like “it’s like”, “that is” or “for example”.

C Compare to something.  ( )

5 Take turns to ask each other about your online habits.

EXAMPLE
A: How much time do you spend online every day?

B: Oh, it’s hard to say. Sometimes I’m too busy to go online. Sometimes | spend more than
four hours online. How about you?

: It depends. I’d say from half an hour to three hours.
: What do you usually do online?

: | listen to music, stream videos, or look up information. And you?

o> WwW p>

: Lots of things. | especially like to chat with my friends and family. By the way, what’s
your favourite app?

Well, ...

o Pronunciation

1 Most sentences have two basic types of words: content words and function
words. Content words are usually stressed. Read the sentence and notice
which words are stressed.

EXAMPLE

>

The Internet is becoming the town square for the global village of tomorrow.

2 Read the poem about online safety and mark the words that should be stressed.

Cyber Sense

| always keep things secret when | go online.

| never share the things that should be only mine.

My email and my home address, my phone number and name—
These are things only | should know on websites or in games.

And so | use a nonsense name for my net identity.
When folks online ask who | am, | say, “I’m Cyber Me.”
And if | ever think that someone online isn’t all that bad,
| never ever meet them without telling Mum or Dad.

7) 3 Listen to the poem and see if you got the stressed words right.

one

UNIT 3 THE INTERNET

28

Reading and Thinking

Start an online community

1

UNIT 3 THE INTERNET

Before you read, look at the title and discuss these questions in pairs.

1 What do you think the text will say? Y Read headlines

i i topic?
2 How do you think the writer feels about the top! 站

key ideas or information from
the text.They often do not
follow strict grammar rules,

STRONGER TOGETHER: neo cnn te
HOW WE HAVE BEEN CHANGED attention ie readers.

BY THE INTERNET

Much has been written about the wonders of the World Wide Web. There are countless
articles telling us how the Internet has made our lives more convenient. We no longer have
to wait in line or carry cash around when we go shopping. We can get the most updated
information from large databases. We can download software, documents, and images
whenever we need them. But the Internet has done much more for people than simply
make life more convenient. People’s lives have been changed by online communities and
social networks.

Jan Tchamani, an English teacher in Birmingham, UK, suddenly developed a serious
illness and had to quit her job. At age 50, she found herself out of work and stuck at home
with only her computer to keep her company. After a while, she discovered that surfing the
Internet could help her feel less lonely and bored. She could listen to music, watch films,
play games, and explore the world. She also joined an online group where she could talk
about her problems and get support and advice from others. She realised that one of the
greatest benefits of the Internet was its ability to remove the distance that usually exists
between people.

She was so inspired by the people she met online that she decided to start an IT club
to teach older people how to use computers and the Internet. She and her friends now
organise events and collect money to pay for private teachers. Many people have been
helped by the club. A 59-year-old man learnt how to apply for work online and found
a great job. Now that he works and can take care of himself, his daughter has time to
study at university. A 61-year-old woman who was living alone has started a small online
company together with two friends. She no longer feels lonely, and her company has
become quite successful.

Jan has started taking online classes to learn more about how to use the Internet to make
society better. She believes that it is highly important to bridge the digital divide and make
sure that everyone has access to the Internet and knows how to use new technology. Her
next goal is to start a charity website to raise money for children in poor countries.

Jan's life has been greatly improved by the Internet. “When you go through tough times,
you meet others who are facing similar challenges,” Jan says. “Thinking about other
people's situations inspired
me to offer help.”

™@) 2 Read the text and answer the questions.

Why did Jan quit her job?

How did the people in the online community help her?
Why did she start the IT club?

What is the “digital divide”?

What's Jan’s next goal?

DO 上 mw 有 =

What can we learn from her experiences?

3 List the ways in which the text says that the Internet has changed people's
lives. Try to add more examples.

Examples from the text More examples you know

4 Complete the passage about Wuzhen with the correct forms of the words in

the box.
access convenient surf inspire distance
network download cash update benefit
The Internet has brought great to Wuzhen,

a small waterside town in Zhejiang Province. For the
past few years, Wuzhen has hosted the World Internet
Conference (WIC), which makes life in this ancient town
much more than it has been. Residents
here can online as easily as in large modern
cities. Plus they can movies and music at
high speeds. The Internet has even changed Wuzhen’s
transport! For short , both residents and tourists can use the public bike system.
Bikes can be rented by using online apps—no need for paperwork or payment.
In 2016, the parking system for Wuzhen’s WIC centre was to be fully Internet-based.
Wuzhen’s entering the world of the Internet should other small towns around the
world. No matter how small a town is, everyone should be able to join the global and
the world of the Internet!

5 Discuss the questions below in pairs.

1 Do you think your life has been changed by the Internet? If so, how?

2 The writer mentions many advantages of using the Internet. Do you think there are any
disadvantages? If so, what are they?

UNIT 3 THE INTERNET 29

Discovering Useful Structures

Talk about something that has been done

1 Read the pairs of sentences. Underline and compare the different verb forms.

Jan’s life has been greatly improved by the - The Internet has greatly improved —
Internet. Jan’s life. ee =
Much has been written about the wonders People have written much about the

of the World Wide Web. wonders of the World Wide Web.

How do we form the present perfect passive voice? Fill in the blank.

Active have/has + v-ed
Verb form

Passive

2 Change the sentences into the present perfect passive voice.

EXAMPLE

They've built a kind of new PC with more functions.

A kind of new PC has been built with more functions.

1 | have downloaded the software to help my phone battery last longer.
2 Someone has lost an identity card.

3 Have you confirmed the Wi-Fi password?

4 Have you pressed the button yet to copy the file?

5

Has anyone made a comment about the online database?

Find out the differences in meaning and function between the active and
passive forms.

3 Read the poem. Then think of your own situation and write a similar poem.
se 一 一

Look at the way your face has been washed
Look at the way your teeth have been brushed
Look at the way your shoes have been cleaned
You'd better do them again.

Look at the way the flowers have been planted

Look at the way the grass has been cut
Look at the way the paths have been swept
| hope that you'll come here again.

30 UNIT 3 THE INTERNET
Listening and Talking

Choose the best app

O4

© 2

4

Laura and Xiao Bo are talking about apps. Listen to their conversation and
find out what apps they want.

Xiao Bo is looking for a(n) app to help him get in shape.
Laura would like an app for getting and another that will make her better.

Listen again. Are the sentences true (T) or false (F)?

| | Both of Xiao Bos apps keep track of the steps he takes.

Xiao Bos second app can help him make a fitness plan.

|
|__| Laura needs an app that will help her get discounts.
[|

|_| Laura needs an app that will add money to her bank account.

人 mm 有 一

Listen once more and tick the sentences you hear Underline the words used to
express predictions, guesses, and beliefs.

Predictions, guesses, and beliefs

____ It might help me walk more.

___ My guess is that it wouldn't work.

___ L imagine this app would help me get fit faster.
____ I suppose that would be good.

____ I guess you could save a little with this app.
____ I suppose there would be some problems, too.
___ I believe this app could help me get thinner.

Look at the descriptions of some apps. Then role-play the conversation. Which
app do you think would be more popular or useful?

_ Hear It First A: | imagine that TV Me would be

more popular. Everyone watches TV
and | think lots of people imagine

This app keeps you updated on all your themselves as actors in the TV
favourite topics. You can also choose to shows, so putting the two together
receive updates on the news or even lessons would be great. What do you think?
that you’re interested in. You get a message

whenever there has been an update. B: My guess would be Hear It First

because it’s both interesting and
useful. You could find out more
about the stories you like and make
sure that you don’t miss anything
important. | believe both the young
and old would like it.

TV Me lets you stream your favourite TV
programmes and see your face on the
screen together with the actors.

UNIT 3 THE INTERNET

31

Reading for Writing

Write a blog post
™) 1 Read the blog post and answer the questions.

Search this blog Q、 HOME PAGES CATEGORIES GALLERY CONTACT —

&

Today | thought |’d blog about a question that has been asked many times—how do
you stay safe online and avoid bad experiences on the Internet? I’m not an expert, but
many years as a blogger have taught me a thing or two.

First of all, there’s the golden rule of the Internet: If you see or read something that
makes you feel uncomfortable, leave the site immediately. Don’t post comments or
click on anything. Second, protect your privacy. Don’t give out your address or phone
number. Someone might use the information to steal your identity. Identity theft is a
common and serious problem. Third, be polite. Being online is no excuse for being
rude, and you don’t want to become a target for a troll or cyberbully. A troll is a person
who posts comments or questions in order to stir up trouble online. Trolls often use
several false names so that they can stay on a site. A cyberbully uses the Internet to be
mean to others. Like a troll, a cyberbully will also write something mean but it is usually
directed at particular people. He or she may also post embarrassing photos and
information about those people. However, the more polite you are, the less likely it is you
will be attacked.

Have you had any bad experiences online, or do you have some good advice for staying
safe? Post your comments below!

| Last year, we were having problems in our chat room. Mean comments
N were being posted by someone we didn’t know. | think he or she was only
Boy579 trying to make trouble.
| A girl at my school had a very bad experience online. A photo of her had
| been posted online and she was being made fun of. It seemed like a joke |
ay at first, but the girl was very upset. |

What's the main idea of the blog post? Write a title for it.

What guidelines does the author provide for staying safe online?

Who are the online troublemakers the blog post mentions?

Do you have any more tips for how to surf the Internet safely? Share your ideas with a partner.

BOND +

2 Study the organisation and language features.

1 Tick what the writer tells the reader in Paragraph 1.
© definition of online safety © the writers knowledge
© background information © the topic of the post

32 UNIT 3 THE INTERNET
2 What words and phrases does the writer use to organise the information in the second
paragraph?

3 What new words are explained in the text, and how?
4 How does the writer end the post?

3 Use what you have learnt to write a blog post about online safety.

1 Choose one of the topics below and use the notes to draft your blog post.

Online shopping sites Social networking apps Online chat rooms

e Use a website you ¢ Don’t post personal © Don’t give out too
are familiar with. information. much information.

e Use strong passwords. es。 Don't believe everything se Never meet someone

© Don’t use public you read. you met online alone. |
computers. * Be polite. |

2 Organise your draft.

Tell the reader about
. yourself and what
Introduction — you know about
the topic.

Tell the reader what
they should do or
Body keep in mind.

Define new words
or key terms.

End by asking
Ending the readers to
write comments.

4 Exchange drafts with a partner. Use the checklist to help your partner revise
his/her draft.
w Does the writer tell the reader what he/she knows about the topic?
~ Are the tips and suggestions well organised?
w Has the writer defined the new words?
w Does the author include examples, comparisons, or explanations?
w Does the writer end by asking readers to leave comments and/or suggestions?

Y Can you find any grammar or spelling mistakes?

5 Put up your revised draft in the classroom or read it to your class.

UNIT3 THE INTERNET 33

Assessing Your Progress

1 The words in the box can be used as both nouns and verbs. Fill in the blanks
below with the correct forms of the words in the box.

function target blog comment click chat
1 1havea about environmental issues in my city.
| often about how my classmates and | help to clean up the environment in my city.
2 Grandma and | had a nice about the Internet just now.
Grandma and | often about the Internet.
3 Visit our site today! We're just a away!
Visit our site today! Just on this link.
4 Hemade a positive on the design of our school website, so | think he really liked it!
He positively on the design of our school website, so | think he really liked it!
5 This case has two . It's my wallet and my mobile phone case.
This both as my wallet and as my mobile phone case.

6 People who behave foolishly online often become
Cyberbullies often

of cyberbullies.
people who behave foolishly online.

2 The Internet is bringing great changes to modern Life. Complete the text with
the correct forms of the words in brackets.

The world (turn upside down) since the invention of the Internet and the
introduction of personal computers into nearly every home. The twin inventions of the personal
computer and the Internet (consider) to be among the two most important
events of the last century. Shopping (completely change). Rather than going out
to stores weekly or even daily, more and more people order things from clothes to toys to foods
online and have them delivered directly to their homes. Social communication

(take over) by the Internet. In the past, letters, phone calls, and face-to-face meetings were
necessary to build up relationships, but now online communication is often the only social
interaction that some people have all day! Games, music, movies and so on

(heavily influence) by the Internet. New kinds of crimes are happening on the Internet, too, so
cyber security has to be constantly updated.

Do you agree with the writer? Give your reasons.

So oe Pt

© In this unit, | thought the section about
was the most useful because

© | thought the part about
was not very useful because

© My favourite part of the unit was
because

© Overall, | thought this unit was © very useful © a bit helpful OQ so-so © difficult.

34 UNIT 3 THE INTERNET
*Project: Compare English learning websites/apps

Work in pairs. Use what you have learnt in this unit to compare different English learning
websites/apps and present your findings to the class.

1 What English learning websites and/or apps do you use? Choose one that
you like best, and compare it with your partner's. Use the questions below.

Mine My partner’s

Website/App name?
Who is it for?
What is it for?

Who made it? [i.e. a big,
famous company or a
small, not-so-famous one)

Is it easy to read and easy
to use?

Is it updated often?

Does it provide a list of
sources to show where its
information came from?

Is it full of ads?

Is the information clear
and easy to understand?

Does it teach you all that
you want to learn?

‘J
What do you like best go
about it? &

2 Use the results to do one of the tasks.

1 Prepare a short presentation to compare the websites or apps.

2 Write a blog post comparing the websites or apps.

UNIT 3 THE INTERNET 35

* Video Time tm

BEFORE YOU WATCH

Complete the sentences below with the expressions in the box.

selfies social media profile 24/7

1 dill is concerned about having a good , SO she always posts things that
will make other people smile.

2 Everyone was excited to see photos from Andy's trip, but they were disappointed when
they saw that he had only posted

3 It seems that Nancy is online . She posts all the time, no matter what
hour it is in the day or the night.

WHILE YOU WATCH

1 Choose the best answers according to the video.

1 What is NOT a negative effect of using social media 24/7?
A lt can hurt your confidence in yourself.
B It can hurt your ability to make friends in the real world.
C It causes a lack of sleep, and that can harm your health.

2 How is Blackburn College dealing with social media?
A They make students turn off social media at certain times.
B They have decided to forbid social media use.
C They try to encourage students to use it responsibly.

2 Complete the quotes below with words you hear in the video.

1 “... it's very easy to become too invested in having to keep and
pictures, and to people online.”
2 “They want to be online . And as that need , then we also

saw that that had an impact on their 2

3 “What we try to do here is to develop some self-regulation Skills | in young people so they
understand when to , when to

AFTER YOU WATCH

Discuss the questions in groups.

1 What are some of the benefits and dangers of social media use?
2 What steps can you take to control your social media use?

36 UNIT 3 THE INTERNET
Listening and Speaking

Share views on historic sites

1 Before you listen, look at some photos of Qufu. What can you say about these
places?

Temple of Confucius

©) 2 Listen to a conversation between a British tourist and a Chinese student in
Qufu, and then write down what they say about Confucius.

Fact/Opinion about Confucius

| Confucius ig one of hig favourite philosophers.

William 2
3
|

Xiao Kong g.
3

© 3 Listen again and decide whether these statements are true (T), false (F), or
not mentioned (NM). Then answer the question.

1 Confucius said that learning without understanding leads to confusion. 1 Fl NM
Xiao Kong is doing a research project on Confucius philosophy. im: Be

As one of Confucius’ descendants, Xiao Kong’s name is recorded T Fl NM
in the family tree.

4 Dacheng Hall is the tallest building in Qufu. Ti | Fl i Nw
e Why do you think William said his hometown was similar to Qufu?

There are famous halls in his hometown.

There are no tall buildings in his hometown.

Both places have a famous person who was born there.

00 WwW >

His hometown doesn’t allow other buildings to be more noticeable than the historic
buildings.

38 UNIT 4 HISTORY AND TRADITIONS
Q

Understand idioms

An idiom is an expression which means something different from the meaning of the
individual words. Some idioms present an idea or paint a picture that gives a hint as to the
meaning. Other idioms can only be understood from the context in which they appear.

4 Write down the English idioms that are used in the conversation. Explain their
meanings and think about some Chinese equivalents.

English idiom Meaning Chinese equivalent

Achilles’ heel

pull one’s leg

fish out of water

5 Discuss the questions in groups.

1 What do you know about Confucius’ ideas on education? Think of two or three examples.
What else do you know about Confucius and his philosophy?

2 Think about a historic site that you have visited, and give an introduction to its history and
importance.

o Pronunciation

Fe Ft)

Read this part of the poem “If—” written by British poet Rudyard Kipling.
Notice the linking sounds. Then mark the linking sounds after the model.

If you can make one heap of all your winnings
And risk it on one turn of pitch-and-toss,
And lose, and start again at your beginnings
And never breathe a word about your loss;

If you can force your heart and nerve and sinew

To serve your turn long after they are gone, | f

And so hold on when there is pee in you j / ; i
Except the Will which ed to then |

有
ie:

haere

UNIT 4 HISTORY AND TRADITIONS = 39
Reading and Thinking

Learn about a country through its history

1 Before you read, discuss the questions in pairs.

Look at the map below. What does it show? What is it used for?

™@) 2 Read the text and answer the questions.

40

1 What are the four countries of the United Kingdom? Read a map
Which two were the first to be joined together? When you look at a map, think first

about what the map shows and what

2 According to the text, what are two chief the symbols mean.

advantages of studying the history of a country?

WHAT’S IN A NAME?

The United Kingdom, Great Britain, Britain,
England—many people are confused by what q
these different names mean. So what is the

difference between them, if any? Getting to 4 7p 4nric
know a little bit about British history will help ~ NORTH
you solve this puzzle. z é

In the 16th century, the nearby country of Wales
was joined to the Kingdom of England. Later,
in the 18th century, the country Scotland was
joined to create the Kingdom of Great Britain.
In the 19th century, the Kingdom of Ireland was
added to create the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Ireland. Finally, in the 20th century,
the southern part of Ireland broke away from
the UK, which resulted in the full name we
have today: the United Kingdom of Great Britain
and Northern Ireland. Most people just use the
shortened name: “the United Kingdom” or “the
UK”. People from the UK are called “British”,
which means the UK is also often referred to as
Britain or Great Britain.

The four countries that belong to the United Kingdom work together in some areas. They
use the same flag, known as the Union Jack, as well as share the same currency and
military defence. However, they also have some differences. For example, England, Wales,
Scotland, and Northern Ireland all have different education systems and legal systems.
They also have their own traditions, like their own national days and national dishes. And
they even have their own football teams for competitions like the World Cup!

The United Kingdom has a long and interesting history to explore, which can help you
understand much more about the country and its traditions. Almost everywhere you go in
the UK, you will be surrounded by evidence of four different groups of people who took
over at different times throughout history. The first group, the Romans, came in the first
century. Some of their great achievements included building towns and roads. Next, the
Anglo-Saxons arrived in the fifth century. They introduced the beginnings of the English

UNIT 4 HISTORY AND TRADITIONS
language, and changed the way people built houses. The Vikings came in the eighth
century, left behind lots of new vocabulary, and also the names of many locations across
the UK. The last group were the Normans. They conquered England after the well-known
Battle of Hastings in the 11th century. They had castles built all around England, and
made changes to the legal system. The Normans were French, so many French words
slowly entered into the English language.

There is so much more to learn about the interesting history and culture of the United
Kingdom. Studying the history of the country will make your visit much more enjoyable. The
capital city London is a great place to start, as it is an ancient port city that has a history
dating all the way back to Roman times. There are countless historic sites to explore, and
lots of museums with ancient relics from all over the UK. The UK is a fascinating mix of
history and modern culture, with both new and old traditions. If you keep your eyes open,
you will be surprised to find that you can see both its past and its present.

3 Read again and sort out the information according to the timeline.

When? What happened? What changed?

Romans arrived

Anglo-Saxons came

Vikings came

11th century
16th century

18th century

19th century

20th century

4 Complete the conversation about the UK using the phrases in their correct forms. |

aswellas belongto addto jointo breakaway keep your eyes open

A: | can never remember what the UK means! There’s England, Britain, Great
Britain!
B: Well, it helps if you remember that there are four countries that the UK.

That’s why it’s called the United Kingdom.
A: Four countries? | must have been asleep in that part of our history class! So the first

country was England, and the others were that?

B: Yes, right. First England, then Wales, then Scotland. The last country was Ireland, but later
the southern half didn’t want to be the United Kingdom.

A: Oh, | remember now! The southern part from Northern Ireland, right?

B: Yes, you got it well remembered! But in history class next time!

5 Discuss the questions in groups.

1 Whyisit important to study the history and culture of a country before visiting it?

2 What important things should visitors know about before they come to China?

UNIT 4 HISTORY AND TRADITIONS = 41
Discovering Useful Structures

Express feelings and describe situations

1

Look at the sentences and underline the past participles. In pairs, discuss their
functions. Then find more sentences with the -ed form in the text.

1 Most people just use the shortened name: “the United Kingdom” or “the UK”.

2 They use the same flag, known as the Union Jack, ...

3 They had castles built all around England, ...

When the past participle is used as the object complement, it is often formed
with the “have/get/feel/find/... + object + -ed form”.

Complete the phrases in the right column by using the past participles in
the left column. Compare the meaning of each pair of phrases. Then make
sentences with the phrases.

Past Participles as the Attribute (1) Past Participles as the Attribute (2)
tired visitors visitors of the long wait/...
a well-organised trip atrip well by my workplace/...
beautifully dressed stars stars beautifully at the event/...

Read the sentences and underline the -ed form as the object complement.

1 Judy and | had our car parked in an underground car park near Trafalgar Square, where we
could get our car battery charged.

2 When we finally reached the service desk to ask for audio guides, we heard it announced
that there were no audio guides left.

3 We found ourselves very surprised by the large number of visitors and the amount of noise
at the entrance of the National Gallery.

4 Judy had her eyes fixed on Van Gogh's Sunflowers. It was hard to approach the painting
as there were so many people around.

5 She had a copy of the painting boxed to ensure that it was delivered safely.

Rewrite the sentences with past participles as the attribute, and then see
whether you can write a little story with them.

1 Loch Ness was surrounded by beautiful natural landscape, which made it look amazing.

2 Carl and his friends stayed with a generous family who offered them bread with butter and
honey that was homemade.

The family’s ancestors once attended to soldiers who were wounded in the First World War.

The young people were attracted by the legend of Loch Ness. They watched over the lake
with their cameras and binoculars, which were positioned on the hill.

Listening and Talking

Talk about a visit to a historic tourist destination

© a Backpacker Paul is talking to a receptionist at an international youth hostel
in Pingyao, China. Listen to the conversation and tick the places mentioned.

{_] Ming-Qing Street

Wang Family Courtyard
_| the city wall

Ancient Government Office
Rishengchang Bank
Zhengguosi Temple

Qiao Family Courtyard
Mount Mian

Shuanglin Temple

@ 2 Listen once more. Complete the sentences to describe how the speakers felt.

| had expected something different.

It was like walking into history.

It wasn’t as big as | had expected.

Some of the snacks there are amazing.

| had no idea there would be so many tourists.

Wow, | can’t believe you didn’t see the wall.

Paul sounded

Paul sounded

Paul sounded
Xiao Yan sounded
Paul sounded

Xiao Yan sounded

3 Imagine one of you has just visited Pingyao. Work in pairs and role-play the
conversation below. Then continue the conversation using the expressions in

the box.

Expressing eee surprise, and disappointment

EXAMPLE

the ...?

A: Wow, I've just come back from Pingyao. It was amazing!

B: Oh, | loved Pingyao! So did you see the Ming-Qing Street?

A: Of course, but 1 didn’t expect to see so many tourists.

B: Yeah, | know what you mean, but there are some great snacks there. How about

4 Take turns telling each other about a historic place that you have been to.

UNIT 4 HISTORY AND TRADITIONS = 43
Reading for Writing

Describe a place that you like

™@) 1 Read the text and discuss the questions in pairs.

Ireland's beautiful countryside has always had a great influence on its people and
traditions. The country has a long history of producing great writers and poets. Its
beautiful countryside excites and inspires all, offering something for each of the senses.
The peaceful landscape of the “Emerald Isle” and its many green counties is a true feast
for the eyes, with its rolling green hills dotted with sheep and cattle. And down by the sea,
the roar of the ocean waves and cries of the seabirds make up the music of the coast.
On a quiet morning in the mountains, feel the sun on your skin, and breathe in the sweet
scent of fresh flowers while birds greet the new day with their morning song. With all this
beauty, it is not surprising that Ireland has developed strong traditions that include music,
dancing, and dining. To have a chance of experiencing this, stop by a village pub and relax
with a glass of wine or a local beer. Better yet, enjoy a delicious traditional Irish Beef Stew.
If you’re lucky, you might be able to enjoy some traditional music and dancing, too. And
if you introduce yourself to a friendly face, you are more than likely to experience local
culture and customs first-hand.

1 What makes the Irish countryside exciting and inspiring?
2 What are the best ways to experience some Irish traditions and culture?

3 What is the meaning of “breathe in the sweet scent of fresh flowers while birds greet the
new day with their morning song”?

4 What are the best ways to experience Chinese traditions and customs?

2 Analyse the descriptive paragraph.

1 Identify and underline the paragraph’s introductory sentence(s) and the ending sentence(s).
2 The paragraph talks about different senses in different places. Write the senses and places
in the order that they appear.

Senses: Places:

1 1
2 2
3 3
4 4

3 What words does the writer use to describe sensory details?
e sight esmell e taste e hearing @ touch

44 UNIT 4 HISTORY AND TRADITIONS
3 Use what you have learnt in this unit to describe an interesting, exciting, or
surprising place.

1 Work in pairs. Choose one of your favourite places and tell a partner why you think it is
interesting, exciting, or surprising.

2 Use the questions below to describe the place you have chosen.

e What can you see? e What can you hear?
© How does the place feel? e What can you smell?
e What can you taste there? e What does the place make you think or feel?

3 Use your answers to draft a passage about the place.

Make the reader eager to read 5
your writing In my village, every day starts

Introduction A striking image with a “fire”! TI he houses turn
Something surprising red as the sun rises above the

A quote or question 人

Transitions In the morning/afternoon/evening

Help the reader follow First, second, etc.

your ideas In the north ... In the east ...
Body Details and examples What can you see, hear, smell, etc.?

Use sensory details I learnt a lot. — What did you learn?

Do not use general words There were many things... 一 What?

Give examples Some people... 一 Who?

At night, the stars come out to tell

Let the pence know that the us that all is well and my village

Endi ng 人 grows quiet. For now we'll sleep,

Help the reader remember your = and tomorrow the sun will set us
writing 3
on fire again for a new day!

4 Exchange drafts with a partner.

1 Use the checklist to help you evaluate his/her draft.
Does the writer start with an image, quote, or question?
Is the description well-organised and easy to read?

v

WA

w Has the writer included sensory details?

Y Does the writer use specific words and give examples?
YA

ls the ending effective?
Y Can you find any grammar or spelling mistakes?
2 Give your comments to your partner and ask him/her to revise the draft.

5 Put up your passage in the classroom or make a class book about your
favourite places.

UNIT 4 HISTORY AND TRADITIONS 45

Assessing Your Progress

46

1 Combine the words with the endings to form words that you learnt in this unit.
Then use them to complete the sentences below.

achieve locate _ king :
defend negate —___ specify

describe refer

1 Professor Grange made several to the relationship between the two countries, and
gave a lot of background information to explain the situation they are facing.

2 For your homework this week, please do some research on the major of Isaac
Newton and give a full of one of these in class.

3 After the war, the was left in ruins, with all of its completely
destroyed.

4 That Shanghai restaurant has three different , SO if you let me know where your
hotel is, Ill give you directions to the closest one.

2 Combine each pair of sentences into one using the past participle of the verb
in the second sentence.

1 | heard the trip was to visit our sister school in Boston. That excited me.

2 | heard you had been chosen to join a cultural camp in Greece. That pleased me.

3 Dave could not find a seat in the room. It was very crowded.

4 The photo won the first prize in the competition. It was taken at Cardiff Castle.

5 On the lab table, he found a lot of bottles. They were marked “caution”.

ae

© Do you think the idioms you learnt are useful to know? Why or why not?

@ How would you soca why there are many different names for the UK
to someone else? _

© Why is describing different senses ssi when you write a text?

© Overall, | thought this unit was © interesting © useful ©so-so © difficult.

UNIT 4 HISTORY AND TRADITIONS
*Project: Introduce the traditions of a country/city/village

1

Work in groups. Choose a country/city/village and prepare a presentation
using a poster. Consider these traditions:

¢ festivals
es Ao ae MEXICAN

e clothing/it

oo” TRADITIONS =
me : 7, re ee

You should include:

¢ a poster with photos or drawings
showing the traditions

e ademonstration—like a dance,
song, object, or local food/drink

DAYOFTHEDEAD MARIACHIGUITAR TRADITIONAL
FESTIVAL MUSICIANS CLOTHING

Divide the work among your group

members. Some of you should

research traditions, providing

photos and detailed descriptions. a

The others can create the poster. aN TACO—CORN
Decide on the roles each of you << eer” PANCAKE
will play in the presentation. Ney

Present your poster to the class. Try to answer any questions asked. You may
take the poster about Mexican traditions as an example.

As a group, record and evaluate the other groups’ presentations by filling in
the form below.

Group 1 Group 2 Group 3 Group 4 Group ...
Place
Tradition 1
Tradition 2
Tradition 3
Demonstration

Rating (%)

5 Find out the winners and put up your posters in the classroom.

UNIT 4 HISTORY AND TRADITIONS = 47
48

An Introduction to
Historic London

London sits upon the River Thames in the
southeast of England. It is the capital of
the United Kingdom, and—with almost
nine million people—Europe’s largest city.

Match the place names below with the photos from the video.

A Big Ben B Buckingham Palace C Houses of Parliament D Tower of London

E National Gallery F Trafalgar Square

G Tower Bridge H Westminster Abbey

1 Complete the sentences below by writing 1-7 on the lines.
1 The Tower Bridge
2 Westminster Abbey
3 Buckingham Palace
4 The National Gallery

5 Trafalgar Square
6 The Houses of Parliament
7 Big Ben

A is asymbol of the city of London.

B is also called the Palace of Westminster.
C is where the king or queen lives.

D is where all royal funerals and most coronations

take place.
E is in fact the name of the bell in the tower.

F is a traditional place for public meetings.

G contains a great art collection.

2 Answer the questions using information from the video.
What did Samuel Johnson say about London? What makes London a great city to walk in?

Discuss the questions in groups.

1 What historic places in London would you like to visit? Why?

2 What historic places in your local city would visitors probably like to see most? What could
you tell visitors about those places and the traditions of your local city?

UNIT 4 HISTORY AND TRADITIONS
MUSIC ©

Music is the universal ane
of mankind.

—Henry Wadsworth Longfello
Listening and Speaking

Talk about music preferences

1 Before you listen, discuss the question in groups.
What are the people doing in the pictures below?
2 Match the pictures with the correct types of music.

A Chinese traditional B classical C country music D hip-hop |

2

ODA reporter from the school newspaper is interviewing students about music.
Listen to the interviews. Draw lines between the words to make complete
sentences. Some words will not be used.

dance to Chinese traditional songs.
1 The first student likes to
a listen to classical music.
he second student likes to : ;
% play hip-hop music.
3 The third student likes to
sing country music.

() @ The reporter paraphrased some of the answers the students gave him. Listen
to the interviews again and complete the sentences with the words you hear.

1 A: Country music touches my heart.

a H ‘ ’ 9
B: So you like music that’s 3) of | 2 Paraphrase
2 A:When | listen to hip-hop, | just have to move! When you want to explain
B: So it makes you want to 9 something difficult to somebody, it
Tee ee is helpful to use easier words with
3 A: Classical music makes me feel like I’m sitting beside a the same meaning. This will help
quiet stream and enjoying nature. you make it easier to understand.
B: So to you, it’s Lait” and iy tis 2.

50 UNIT 5 MUSIC

5 Discuss these questions with your classmates.

1 Do these types of music make you feel the same as the students? Why or why not?

2 What type of music do you not like, and how does it make you feel?

6 Talk in pairs. Interview each other about music. Use the pictures below for

ideas.

EXAMPLE Reasons for liking music

A: What kind of music do you like? touches my heart/soul

B: | like techno music. ee
gives me energWhope

A: What makes it so special to you? helps me exercise/study

ei : ; [ sounds peaceful/beautiful
B: | like to listen to it when | exercise. reminds me of home/people | love

It gives me energy.

o Pronunciation

1 Read the lyrics below from “Blowin’ in the Wind” by Bob Dylan. Notice how
the plosives are pronounced.

How many roads must a man wal(k) down Yes, and how many years can a mountain exist
Before you call him a man? Before it’s wash(ed) to the sea?

How many seas must a whi(te) dove sail Yes, and how many years can some people exist
Before she sleeps in the sand? Before they’re allow(ed) to be free?

Yes, and how many times mus(t) the cannon balls fly Yes, and how many times can a man turn his head

Before they’re forever banned? Pretending he jus(t) doesn’(t) see?
The answer, my friend, is blowin’ in the wind The answer, my friend, is blowin’ in the wind
The answer is blowin’ in the wind. The answer is blowin’ in the wind.

全 2 Repeat after the recording.

UNIT5 MUSIC 51
Reading and Thinking

Learn about experiencing music online

1 Before you read, discuss the question in groups.

How can computers and the Internet help us experience music differently?

m@) 2 Scan and circle the information in the text. Y
Scan
1 The man who came up with the idea for a virtual choir. Sn 和 全 的 这
2 The place where he studied musical composition. information such as dates,

; numbers, and names.
3 The name of his song.

FHE- VIRTUAL CHOTR

Imagine having the opportunity to sing together with hundreds of other people while you are at
home alone. You can do this in a virtual choir. Virtual choir members record themselves while
they perform alone on video. These videos are uploaded onto the Internet, and then they are put
together into one video that you can see online—a virtual choir. Anyone can take part in a virtual
choir from anywhere—all you need is a video camera and an Internet connection. You do not
even need a studio. A virtual choir helps connect ordinary people together. Many people do not
have close friends or contacts who have the same interest in music. Many others do not have the
chance to join a local choir. A virtual choir enables them to add their voices to those of other
individuals and become part of the global community. It has proved to be a positive influence
on the lives of many people. As one virtual choir member said, “Music helps me to ... forget my
problems. With music, I become someone else.”

The virtual choir was the idea of award-winning composer and conductor Eric Whitacre. Born in
the USA on 2 January 1970, Whitacre began studying music at the University of Nevada in 1988.
He fell in love with Mozart’s classical music when he sang for the university choir. Moved by this
music, he said, “It was like seeing color for the first time.” He graduated from university in 1995,
and then received a master’s degree in musical composition from the Juilliard School in New York
in 1997. Over the next 10 years, Whitacre’s original compositions began to become quite popular
among choirs and singers. This led to the creation of the virtual choir.

In 2009, Whitacre received a video of a girl who was singing one of his works. Inspired, he asked
his fans to make videos, which he then joined together into one performance. His first virtual
choir, “Lux Aurumque”, had 185 singers from 12 different countries. It has received millions
of views on the Internet. Since then, the virtual choir has become a worldwide phenomenon.
Whitacre’s next effort was the Virtual Youth
Choir for UNICEF, which was first seen on
stage on 23 July 2014 in the UK. Altogether,
2,292 young people from 80 countries joined
in to sing Whitacre’s song “What If”.

The virtual choir is a wonderful way for people
around the world to sing with one voice and
thus make the world a better place.

52 UNIT 5 MUSIC
3

4

5

6

Read the text again and answer the questions.

1 Howis a virtual choir different from other choirs? Who can take part in it?

2 What caused Eric Whitacre to fall in love with classical music? What gave him the
inspiration to make his first virtual choir?

Find the numbers and dates to fill in the timeline.

2 January19 Eric Whitacre was born.
19-1995 Whitacre attended the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.
AG ce Whitacre got a master’s degree from the Juilliard School in New York.
2009 Whitacre first got the idea for the virtual choir. His first virtual choir used
singers from different countries; received
views on the Internet.
___ July 2014 Whitacre formed the Virtual Youth Choir for UNICEF. young
people from countries sang “What If”.

Learn more about music by completing the sentences with the correct forms of
the words and phrase. Then make a mind map about what music means to you.

ordinary remind perform award effort individual fall in love

enable stage studio’ original prove’ onto opportunity

1 Last night | went to see my friend’s new rock band on ata
small local music festival.

2 This new pop song me of an old song that was sung by Billy
White but later made popular by another singer.

3 |’mso happy! My favourite singer just won a music . This that
all the she put into her work was worth it.

4 1 with rap music when | was a teenager. Listening to it me
to relax and forget about my problems.

5 Five years ago, he was finally given a(n) to record his song at a(n)

. Ever since, his success has shown the world that even
people can become famous.

6 Nowadays millions of musical performances are uploaded the Internet every
day by different who may or may not be professional musicians or singers.

Discuss the questions in groups.

1 What are the advantages and disadvantages of being a member of a virtual choir?

2 Does a virtual choir really bring people together? Why or why not?

UNIT 5 MUSIC

53

Discovering Useful Structures

Express feelings and describe situations

1 Look at the following sentences and underline the past participles. Find more
of them in the text. In pairs, discuss their functions.

1 Born in the USA on 2 January 1970, Whitacre began studying music at the University of
Nevada in 1988.

2 Moved by this music, he said, “It was like seeing color for the first time.”

2 Rewrite the story using past participles as the adverbial.
EXAMPLE
The Silver Hall is usually used for singing performances and is full of cheers and energy.
Usually used for singing performances, the Silver Hall is full of cheers and energy.

1 Henry was highly interested in music and began to write original compositions when he
was in high school. :
They were pleased with his music and songs and finally invited him to perform in the Silver Hall.

Though he was affected by gradual blindness soon after the performance, Henry was still
capable of writing compositions and he found that creating music was a relief and cure
for his illness.

4 When he got absorbed in his world of music, he felt as if he could “see” the beauty of the
world around him, like he had in his previous life.

Find out the differences in meaning and function between the newly written
sentences and the original ones.

3 Match the sentence halves and rewrite each sentence beginning with a past
participle.

A so he had time to consider what job
he really wanted.
B so he felt nervous and excited.

=

The room had been painted in dark colours

Dave was unemployed

2
3 The girl was moved by his romantic words C soit was expected to be popular
4

He was corrected by his teacher from time with techno fans.

to time D so she accepted his gift.
5 The album was recorded in a new way E so it needed some bright lights.
6 He was invited to perform on the stage F so he lost interest in singing.

4 Complete the passage with the words in brackets in their correct forms.

Well known as a successful band, the Impact members show quite a few striking qualities. They
never ever give up. When (question) by the media, they are not

(discourage) and practise even harder. They are improving themselves by attending several
master training classes. They are united. (fill with) team spirit, they act as a
whole, always aiming for glory.

54 UNIT 5 MUSIC
Listening and Talking

Plan a music festival

©) 1 Listen to an announcement about a school music festival. Tick the kinds of
volunteers the festival needs.

people to give music lessons

choir members

people to run food stands

people to sell festival tickets

people to sell music CDs

口 people to set up equipment

口 musical performers ®

() 2 Listen to the announcement again and Talking about preferences
answer the questions.

Would you prefer doing ...?

What would you prefer to do?

Would you rather do ... or ...?

What would you rather do?
What can those who think they do not Id prefer ... to ...
have musical talent do?

1 What kind of songs will Grace Davis sing
at the festival?

Who can try out as a performer?

Id rather have ... than ...
4 How can students volunteer to take part?

3 Work in groups. Role-play the conversation or make a new one.

Debbie: Where have you been? You missed the announcement about the music festival.

John: | was at the doctor's office. Music festival?

Frank: Yes, it’s going to be next month on the school sports field. John, you can play the
piano. How about playing it at the festival?

John: — Well, fd rather play the violin. | can play Liang Zhu.

Frank: Wow! Sounds good. What about you, Debbie?

Debbie: Actually, | don’t have much musical ability. I'd prefer just to help out with the crowds.

Frank: You can sell tickets or work at a food stand.

John: So can | assume that the aim of the festival is to raise money?

Debbie: Yes. All of the money will go to charity.

John: Well, if it’s for a good cause, everyone should take part!

4 Inpairs, talk about what you would do at the music festival.

1 Would you like to sing or play a musical instrument? How else could you help in addition
to what has already been mentioned?
2 Whom would you invite? What other activities could you do at the music festival?

UNIT5 MUSIC ”55
Reading for Writing

Write a speech

@) 1

Read the speech below and answer the questions.

Good morning! My name is Sarah
Williams. It's an honour to be here and
to share with you the story of how music
has had an impact on my life.

(4) Have you ever faced a time when
things looked dark and you had no
hope at all? Two years ago, | was told
| hada serious disease which was
difficult to cure. My body ached all the
time and thus | thought | didn’t have
much longer to live. | was very afraid and | felt so alone and discouraged. Then one
day, | had to go through a two-hour medical treatment. The doctor wanted me to relax,
so he had me listen to some music, and one of the songs was “Happy”. The song
made me feel so much better that from then on | began to listen to music all the time. (8)
John A. Logan said, “Music is the medicine of the mind.” And it's true. Music helped me
recover.

(Cc) Music gave me happiness. When | listened to music, (0) it made my spirits fly like a
kite in the wind. 'c) Music gave me strength and brought me relief. ‘€) It was the rock |
leant on to become strong and to get through those hard times. Moreover, [cl music
gave me hope and a sense of satisfaction. IFl It became my best friend. It spoke
words of encouragement to the deepest part of my being.

Of course, | hope none of you have to go through the same kind of suffering that |
did. At the same time, we all go through various periods when we feel sad or alone.
During those times, music can help you in the same way that it helped me. | hope all
of you will somehow begin to treasure music and make it a part of your life.

Thank you!

1 What was Sarah's problem?
2 How did music help her during her difficult time?
3 What is her advice to others?

2 Study the language features.

1 Match the names of rhetorical devices to the lettered sentences in the speech.

metaphor personification
quote repetition
rhetorical question A simile

2 What expressions does Sarah use to talk about how music can make us feel? Circle

the phrases in the speech.

56 UNIT 5 MUSIC
3 Use what you have learnt to write a speech about how music can change a
person’s life.

1 Work in groups. Think of ways that people experience music, and how music can help people.

Ways people experience music How music can help people

singing, give encouragement,

2 Now think about your experience with music and how it has changed your life, or think
about how the life of someone you know has been changed by his/her experience with
music.

3 Fill in the blanks below with some of the rhetorical devices you hope to use in your speech.

Metaphor:

Personification:

Quote: said, “ ”
Repetition: Music makes/gives/helps me/him/her ...

1 2 3

Rhetorical question: Have you ever ?

Simile (verb + like):

Complete the outline and use it along with rhetorical devices to draft your speech.

Hello, my name is , and I’m here to talk about

Introduce yourself. e Write about how music made you/him/her feel.
Give the topic of your speech. e Relate your/his/her experience to the audience.

Write about your experience with music, ® Close the speech.
or the experience of someone you know.

years ago,

4 Exchange drafts with a partner. Use this checklist to help you revise the draft.

w Does the writer explain how music has changed his/her/someone else's life?

Y¥ Are some of the rhetorical devices included and used properly?
w Does the writer talk about how music makes him/her/someone feel?

w |s the first word in each sentence capitalised?

ww Does the writer use correct punctuation?

5 Put up your speech in the classroom or deliver it to your class.

UNIT 5 MUSIC

57

Assessing Your Progress

1 Complete each sentence with a word or phrase from the box.

aim impact peaceful phenomenon somehow souls trying out (for) various

58

Rachel is listening to

Sad love songs often touch the
Tony is
This new variety of music is a

NO oO fF WOND 一

Jazz music had a big
while growing up.

8 She

The CD my dad gave me for my birthday contains

music to help her concentrate on her studying.

of those who listen to them.

a band that is looking for a guitar player.

that is spreading around the world.

The of this music festival is to bring people of different cultures together.

styles of music.

on his life because it was the only thing he listened to

learnt how to play the piano on her own when she was very young.

Read the story and underline the past participles.

| never thought | was very talented at anything
to do with music, but my parents wanted me
to learn to play the piano at the age of six.
To be a good daughter, | agreed to learn
even though | wasn’t interested in it at all.
Experienced in reading her students’ minds,
my piano teacher could tell after a couple of
lessons that my heart was not in it. However,
after learning for about six months, | was
asked to perform something at the year-end
concert arranged by my teacher. Surprised
and terrified at the same time, | could only

agree. Given my inexperience, | chose a fairly
simple composition. In order to perform well,
| practised the same composition for an hour
a day for the next two months. On the day of
the concert, | was so nervous that | woke up
with butterflies in my stomach. As it turned out,
there was no need to be nervous because all
my hard work paid off and | played perfectly.
Encouraged by this first performance and
the positive reaction of the audience, | have
continued to play the piano and enjoy it more
every day.

Work in pairs and reflect on the functions of the past participles. What do you think of

the girl’s experience in learning music?

@ What new music types did you learn in this unit?

@ What useful vocabulary or structures did you learn in this unit?

® Could you talk with your friends about music, musicians, and/or their influence on

your life after doing this unit?

® What aspect of music would you like to learn more about, and why?

© Overall, | thought this unit was © interesting © useful © so-so © difficult.

UNIT 5 MUSIC
*Project: Explore interesting aspects about music

In this project, you are going to make a presentation using a poster or presentation file

about one of these topics:

e@ amusical composition

e amusical play or film e amusical instrument

e amusical artist (singer, composer, etc.) e aconcert/a musical performance

In groups, discuss these questions.

1 What will be the topic of your presentation?
2 What information do you need to collect? Where can you find this information?

3 What tasks will need to be done so that you can complete this project?
(research, writing, making the poster, artwork, etc.)

4 Who in the group will do each of the tasks?

Now prepare your presentation, and the poster or presentation file to go with

it. Refer to the biography below for main points to include.

JJa Famous works

Symphony No. 3 (Eroica) 《英雄 交响 曲 》 Violin Sonata No. 9 (Kreutzer) 《 克 莱 采 奏鸣曲 》
Symphony No. 5 (Fate) 《命运 交响 曲 》 Piano Sonata No. 14 (Moonlight) 《月 光 奏 鸣 曲 》
Symphony No. 6 (Pastoral) 《田园 交响 曲 》 Piano Sonata No. 8 (Pathétique) « #&t822 98 dh )

Ludwig van Beethoven

Ludwig van Beethoven (1770-1827) was born in Germany.
He started his musical training when he was five years old,
and his teachers worked him so hard that he often cried.
He started writing music when he was nineteen, and two
years later he moved to Vienna to study music and perform.
Beethoven first became famous as a pianist. However,
by 1800, his musical works were so popular that he was
thought of by many as the most important composer of
his generation. During this same period, he slowly became
deaf. Even though he could not hear with his ears, he could
still write music because he could hear music in his head.
Most of his greatest musical works were completed after he
became deaf. In the later part of his life, he had many health
and money issues. He was also lonely because the woman
he loved and wanted to marry had left him. His friends tried to
help him through his dark times, but his life became marked
by sadness. He died after a long illness in 1827.

Symphony No. 9 (The Choral, Ode to Joy) (5K) Bagatelle No. 25 (Fur Elise) 《 致 爱丽 丝 》

Now give your presentation to the class. Each member should take turns to
explain or show one part of the presentation.

After listening to the presentations, decide on the best ones and give tips for

improving them.

UNIT 5 MUSIC

World Music

WOMAD is an international festival that
celebrates world music, arts, and dance.
It is held in different places around the
world, including the UK.

Complete the sentences with the words in the box.

bands performances folk rock co-founded stunning
1 Asinger-songwriter WOMAD in the 1980s.
2 from all over the world come to perform at WOMAD.
3 All the different celebrate world music and cultures.
4 The band’s music is inspired by and the music of two kinds of
traditional Italian dances.
5 The band’s music was and people at the festival enjoyed it a lot.
WHILE YOU |

Check your answers in Before You Watch.
2 Read the statements and decide whether they are true (T) or false (F).

1 WOMAD stands for “world of music, arts, and dance”. | &
2 Marcello Collasurdo is the co-founder of WOMAD. i F
3 Marcello is from Spaccanapoli. 7] Bo
4 There are eight different instruments used in Marcello’s band. = | &
5 Marcello’s father taught him to dance the tamurriata when he was young. TL 司
6 The streets of Naples are like a stage to Marcello. T FL

Discuss the questions in groups.
1 Would you like to go to the WOMAD festival? Why or why not?

2 Why is it important to celebrate music, arts, and world cultures?

60 UNIT5 MUSIC
WORKBOOK

UNIT 1
Using Words and Expressions

1 Find seven words with p as the first
letter in the puzzle and circle them.
Check their meanings and complete
the sentences below with the correct
forms of the words from the puzzle.

(Words are hidden horizontally,

vertically, or back to front.)

1 The local government tries to find a balance
between economic development and
heritage

2 The issue whether they should

the old buildings in the
town gets a lot of attention these days.

3 The new assistant impressed the boss with

his creative _ for solving
the company’s problems.

4 The department held a meeting to discuss
how to the new
product.

5 ‘The organisers did their best to
the situation from
getting worse.
6 Write down your answer and exchange it
with your
7 The decision of pulling down he temple led

to an immediate

2 Use the verbs in the box to make
phrases. Then complete the
sentences with the correct forms of
the phrases.

CULTURAL HERITAGE 一 -一

make establish keep raise
run investigate conduct sign

a proposal

the issue

a programme
hundreds of tests
funds

a document

a balance

ANOaAhWND 一

a committee

‘The purpose of the concert is to
for cultural

heritage protection in Tongli.

2 between

work and family can be a big challenge for

many parents.

3 Ifthe power company

they will take on the
responsibility to protect the Semmering
Railway ( 塞 默 灵 铁路 ).

4 The scientists

and finally proved that the medicine helps
improve people’ health.

5 Themuseum

which helps visitors realise the importance
of cultural heritage protection.

6 UNESCO that

lists and protects world cultural heritage

sites all over the world.

7 He that we each

donate 100 yuan to help preserve the town’s
intangible cultural heritage.

8 The situation was once again becoming

so serious that the officials were asked to
immediately.

61

一 一 WORKBOOK

*5 For each sentence below, write a new
sentence as similar as possible in
meaning using the phrases given.

3 Summarise the text on page 4 by
completing the passage. The first
letter of each word has been given.

62

How to balance economic development
and cultural heritage p
can be a complex problem. In Egypt the

1

Some people believe that compared to
economic development, cultural heritage
protection is less important. (give way to)

Pp of building the Aswan 2 He madea proposal at the meeting but

Dam met with p for fear of received a lot of different responses. (lead to)
d the temples and cultural 3 People there are still suffering, though a lot
relics. The governmentt. of supplies have been provided by the global
to the UN for help and e z community. (prevent... from... )
committee to prevent the | of 4 [trust hima lot and know he will always be
cultural heritage and raise f there for me if] am in trouble. (turn to)

internationally. Thanks to the hard work of the
g community, the project
was completed successfully with the country’s
cultural heritage preserved.

4 Translate the sentences into English

Volunteers did all they could to raise funds
to help the children go back to school.

(contribute... to...)

Using Structures

1 Choose the correct words to fill in

using the words and phrases in the blanks.
brackets.
. who whom whose that
: SF Snes LAER ERR, which when’ where why
赏 它 的 美景 。(all over the world)
2 把 钱 花 在 买 高 质量 的 产品 上 是 值得 的 。 1 Thatisthesite they
( worthwhile, quality) discovered caves full of Buddha statues.
3 许多 国家 参与 了 这 项 工程 ， 并 为 保护 尼 2 Does anybody know the reason
罗 河 沿岸 的 文化 遗产 捐款 。(take part in, herefusedto sign the document?
donate... to...) 3 Sue is the person to Isent
4 这 位 父亲 非常 自豪 地 把 儿子 介绍 给 一 位 the text message yesterday.
职业 和 运动员。(beproud to, professional 4 Mybrotherworksin a café
athlete) top-quality Italian food is served.
5 你 一 定 要 在 上 下 文 当中 去 理解 这 些 数字 ， 5 Thisisthe archaeologist
和 否则 它们 就 没有 任何 意义 。(make sure, discovered the Inca ruins.
in context) 6 On the way home, he helped a young man
6 你 知道 从 故宫 入 口 到 九龙 壁 有 多 远 吗 ? car had broken down.
(Nine Dragon Wall, entrance) 7 Tasmania is the most unforgettable place
7 朱 迪 非常 熟悉 海外 学 习 项 目的 申请 过 程 。 Ihave everbeen to.
(overseas study programme, application 8 In European countries, the weekend is
process) usually a time nobody
8 南非 ,正式 名 称 为 南非 共和 国 ， 地 处 非 goes to work.

洲 大 陆 的 南端 。(republic the southern tip)
9 Thisis the story in the
valuable blue and white porcelain vase from
the Ming Dynasty was finally returned to its

owner.

2 Join the two sentences using relative
clauses. Then translate them into
Chinese.

1 Last winter we saw the well-preserved
temple for the first time. I will remember it
forever.

2 Imeta German scientist at the party last
week. He is likely to be working in our city.

3 This is the bookshop. I found a book about
Liang Sicheng’s contribution to protecting
Chinas cultural heritage in it.

4 The boy’s proposal was helpful and practical.
Most of the students agreed with him.

5 He does not identify happiness with money.
That is the reason.

6 The committee was established last year. It
plays an important role in environmental
protection.

3 Rewrite the sentences by replacing
prep + which/whom with when/
how/where/why.

1 This is the month during which we'd like to
travel around.

2 She gave a lecture in the hall in which we
interviewed a famous Beijing opera actor
last week.

3 Lillian works in a government office in
which there are many different departments.

4 Finding a job asa history teacher in another
school was the reason for which I moved.

5 Summeris the season in which it is best to
practise outside with your team.

7 Itis said that the statues were carved during

- UNIT 1 CULTURAL HERITAGE -

6 The Longmen Grottoes were the place in

which I met the famous artist who showed
me many of his paintings and digital photos.

7 Irelied on my car until it broke down at the

place at which the three roads met.

8 Itis atime at which the sun begins to set

and the moon begins to rise. He likes to take
photos from the roof of his house.

The large stone statues on Easter
Island remain a mystery to us. Read
about their history and correct the
mistakes in the text.

1 Noone knows for certain how the islanders

transported the statues, they were extremely
large and heavy.

2 People doubt that they were dragged ( # 41 )

over the land, that is so rough.

3 Some people think that the islanders used

large tools that is made of strong wood.

4 The wood for making the tools probably

came from big trees, it did not exist on the
island.

5 Some people claim that unknown beings

from space moved the statues, they are so
heavy.

6 According to the islanders, the finished

statues were moved by those had magic
powers.

the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries,
when the island was ruled by a mysterious

society then.

8 The Dutch visited the island in 1722 the
time the society that had made the statues
had disappeared.

9 The Dutch wanted to get supplies on this
island where there were only four thousand
people onit.

WORKBOOK 一 一 -二 + 一 = 7 一 一 ”一

Reading and Writing

™@) 1 Discuss the questions in pairs. Then read the text.

64

1 Do you know of any famous archaeological discoveries?

2 What can we learn by studying cultural relics?

NEW DISCOVERIES FROM THE PAST

Few discoveries are as dramatic as finding the Titanic at the bottom of the Atlantic or
Machu Picchu in the mountains of Peru. But that does not mean that studying history and
cultural relics is boring or slow. In fact, exciting new discoveries from the past are made
every year. Read the news reports below to learn more about a few recent finds.

Relics from Ancient Greek Ship Rescued

Athens, 8 October 2014, Relics on a Greek ship that sank more than 2,000 years ago
have been rescued by an international team of archaeologists and divers. Several
artefacts, including a large bronze spear, were found. The ship, which rests 55 metres
below the surface, was first discovered in 1900 by local divers. Because the water is so
deep, it has been very difficult to examine the ship. Earlier this year, scientists were able
to use a robot to photograph and make a map of the wreck. The cultural relics which
were then rescued by the international team are among the most important to date and
will help answer some of the questions about the history of the ship. “A lot of work has
to be done at this site to uncover its secrets,” said the leader of the team.

Han Dynasty Treasures to Visit the Capital
Beijing, 25 February 2016, Beijing's Capital
Museum will host some 400 rare cultural relics
from the Han Dynasty that have been found in
Jiangxi Province during the last five years. The
relics were chosen from more than 20,000 pieces
and include objects made of gold and other
metals. Visitors will have a chance to see beautiful
works of art as well as pottery and horse chariots
( 1946 @ & ). The relics were found in the tomb
of Haihunhou, where experts have been digging
since 2011. According to one of the experts, the
find is very unusual, and special measures will be
taken to safeguard the objects: “We will make
sure they are not damaged.” The exhibition will
open in March and last for three months.
= UNIT1 CULTURAL HERITAGE ——

2 Work in pairs. Use what you have learnt in this unit or from newspapers to
write a news report.

1 Complete the following with examples from the news reports in the text.

H Headline—This should get the reader's attention.

Example:

| Lead sentence—This should tell the reader what the whole news report is about.

| Example:

| Reporting verbs 一 These let the reader know who said what.
Circle the reporting verbs in the news reports and write one example below.

Example:

2 Use the notes below to write a news report about the Nanhai No. 7.

SouthernSong Nanhai No. 7 (NN1) built, 22 metres long, 10 metres wide
Dynasty NN1 sailed along Maritime Silk Road
(1127-1279] NN1 sank in South China Sea

1987 British divers discovered NN1 when looking for another ship

2000 Chinese archaeologists mapped the site
2007 Chinese divers and scientists began rescuing cultural relics

NN1 placed at Guangdong Maritime Silk Road Museum

hee in Yangjiang

Archaeologists completed examination of some

2 50,000 cultural relics recovered from NN1

65

—— WORKBOOK : _ 一

* Expanding Your World

WORLD CULTURAL HERITAGE SITES

In 1972, UNESCO started a programme to protect the world’s cultural and natural heritage.
Since then, more than 800 cultural sites that are thought to be of special importance to
human history and culture have been added to the World Cultural Heritage Site List. The Taj
Mahal (4 4 %)in India and the Imperial Tombs of the Qing and Ming Dynasties in China are
two of the best known examples.

The Taj Mahal, which was built between 1631 and 1648, is a masterpiece of architecture.
It took more than 20,000 workers and 1,000 elephants to complete the project, and the
stones came from as far away as China.

Building the Taj Mahal was a labour of love. In the early 17th century, India was ruled by an
emperor named Shah Jahan who was married to a woman named Mumtaz. The emperor
loved his wife so much that when she died, he built the Taj Mahal in her memory. The beautiful
mausoleum was designed to look like what the emperor hoped would be Mumtaz’s home in
the afterlife. The colour of the buildings appears to change with the light of day. Shah Jahan
was later buried next to Mumtaz, and the couple now rest together forever.

If the Taj Mahal is a celebration of the heart, then the Imperial Tombs of the Ming and Qing
Dynasties are a monument to the mind and spirit. Visitors who walk among the buildings
can feel both the weight of history and a wonderful sense of peace.

What makes the Qing and Ming Tombs unique even among amazing buildings such as the
Taj Mahal, Angkor Wat (%#F @), and the Cologne Cathedral (科隆 大 教堂 )is that they bring
together architecture and philosophy. Built by several emperors between 1368 and 1915
in Beijing, Hubei, Hebei, and Liaoning, the Imperial Tombs represent Chinese cultural and
historical values that have been handed down from generation to generation for thousands
of years.

Human life lasts only a short time but art and culture last forever. The UNESCO World
Cultural Heritage Sites programme attempts to protect and preserve the best of human
history. Masterpieces such as the Taj Mahal and the Imperial Tombs of the Ming and Qing
Dynasties remind us of what we can achieve at our finest, and inspire us to live up to our
great past in the future.

66
UNIT 2

Using Words and Expressions

1

Look at the underlined word(s) in
each sentence and choose the most
similar meaning.

1

Mass extinction is caused by hunting,
habitat loss, and pollution.

A huge

B most

C common

Our planet's wildlife is dying out at an
alarming rate.

A price

B speed

C interest

What measures are being taken to help them?
A efforts

B amounts

C signs

The authorities are under pressure to build
elephant parks...

A organisations

B experts

C government departments

This is why we're here—to observe Tibetan
antelopes.

A notice

B follow

C carefully watch

The antelope population has recovered.
A returned to its earlier level

B become well again

C got back money

The government does not intend to stop the
protection programmes.

A pretend

B try

C plan

Without variety, our planet cannot survive.
A numbers
B differences
C shows

2 Rewrite each sentence with a phrase

containing the word in brackets.

EXAMPLE

Some rare animals are dying out at an alarming

speed. (rate) 一

Some rare animals are dying out at an alarming

Tate.

1 The shepherds took care of their
sheep. (watch) >

—— WILDLIFE PROTECTION

2 Icouldn’t understand what he was
saying. (make) 一

3 Weareworriedabout endangered
animals. (concern) 一

4 This poster makes me realise the
importance of protecting

wildlife. (remind)

5 Everyone understands the animals’
serious situation. (aware)

6 Several bird species are in danger of
extinction. (die) >

7 The zoo provides shelter for a lot of
different animals. (variety)

8 Weare looking forward to living in
peace with all wildlife. (harmony) 一

WORKBOOK

3 Complete the speech about wildlife

protection by translating the
Chinese in brackets into English.
Then read it to a partner.

As we know, so many wild animals and plants
are dying out every day. Someone has to speak
up for
(濒危 野生 生物 ) Tdlike to do that. Their lives

( 正 遭 受 威胁 ) Time
is ticking away and more animals are dying out.
Some (有 效 的 措施 )

must therefore be taken immediately. The most

important thing for the authoritiesisto

(建造 更 多 的
自然 保护 区 ) Besides, it is high time to stop the
people who
(非法 捕猎 ) There are also other things we can do
to help. For example, here I

(设计 了 一 个 海报 ，
让 更 多 的 人 意识 到 保护 野生 生物 的 重要 性 Iwill
never wear fur clothes, eat shark fin soup, or buy

other products made from wild animals in the
future. I hope you'll agree with me and follow my

example.

Using Structures

1 Complete the sentences with the
correct forms of the given verbs.

1 Anewlibrary (build) in
our school. It will open next year.

2 Conservation programmes for wild animals

(discuss) in Australia now.

3 What (do) in your town
to protect local wildlife?

4 Don't worry. Measures
(take) to stop such a thing from happening

again.

5 | (tell) that my ID and
password are not working. What should I
do now?

6 Mum, my computer (fix).
Can L use yours for a while?

7 Itis believed that many plant species
(threaten) with extinction.

2 Rewrite the sentences using the
present continuous passive voice.

1 The zoo is opening a new area for the two
baby elephants.

2 The doctors are not examining the patient.

3 They are raising more funds for research
into wildlife protection.

4 The city is setting up a new nature reserve
for endangered animals.

5 Today we are completing our writing task
online.

4 Fill the boxes with as many words and phrases as you can think of.

Wildlife protection
South China tiger die out
Endangered ， .
species Situations
reserve
Habitats Protection .
A
3 Read each sentence. If you find
a mistake, underline it and write
the correct form on the line. If the
sentence is right, put a tick on the
line.

1 Nowadays more and more functions are
adding to mobile phones.

2 Don't call Mary. She is interviewed right
now.

3 Are the right decisions being made? We
have to wait and see.

4 Ourspeech is preparing. It will be ready
in one or two hours.

5 Highway traffic is slowing down by the
accident.

6 You can find online what new clothes
are selling.

7 The park which is rebuilt will be open
to tourists next month.

8 Whereis the experiment being carried
out by the students?

4 Read and complete the passage
about wildlife protection with the
correct verb forms in brackets.

The balance of nature on our planet

(threaten) as a large number
(drive) to

extinction. Some scientists predict that half

ofall our plants and animals will be extinct

by 2100. The question is why these species

of species

One of the main reasons is loss of habitat.
Animal habitats
(destroy) as humans search for more natural

resources to consume (消费 ). More land

(also use) for growing
crops or keeping livestock ( % # ). In addition,
massive amounts of waste

(endanger).

UNIT2 WILDLIFE PROTECTION 一 一

(produce) by humans, which are polluting
animal habitats. Harmful chemicals
(create) by human activities
are being released into the air, water, and soil.
The whole of nature (affect)
by human beings.
However, much has been done and

(still do) to save endangered
species. Many programmes
(design) to preserve the populations of
endangered species. In my opinion, there is still
hope that humans can live in harmony with all

things on the earth.

Complete the speech with the
correct sentences or clauses.
Then discuss possible solutions in
groups.

Hello, everyone! I’ve just come back from a
wonderful trip to Tibet. It was so beautiful there
that . The

scenery was so impressive and the air was so

fresh and clean.

However, . Cans,

as they pass through
Tibet. I worry about the effect this will have on
the local wildlife. We
should all think about this.

A Visitors are being told to pay more attention
to protecting the environment.

B this beautiful countryside is being spoiled by
careless visitors

C paper and plastic bags are still being thrown
away by many tour groups

D Howcan we make visitors more aware
of the damage that is being done to the

environment?

E [felt] was ina fairyland ( 仙境)

—— WORKBOOK a

Reading and Writing

™@) 1 Tella partner what you know about the milu deer. Then read the text.

THE STRANGE TALE OF THE MILU DEER

The milu deer, one of China’s most beloved animals, is
also one of its strangest. How else could you describe
a creature that has the face of a horse, the hoofs of a
cow, the antlers of a red deer, and the tail of a donkey?

The history of the species is nearly as strange as its
body. The milu deer used to be common in China long
ago. Like other deer, they lived together and ate grass

_ as well as the soft parts of trees, such as small branches.
However, milu deer were often hunted for food or sport in the past. The Ming and Qing
dynasties did not protect them and many were killed. In 1900, the milu deer disappeared from
China.

However, before all the deer were killed in China, some were taken to Europe. The Duke of
Bedford from Britain collected all the milu deer from Europe and put them in his deer park. The
deer liked the cool, wet weather in England, and their numbers increased year by year. In 1985,
20 milu deer were reintroduced from Britain to China and placed in the Beijing Nanhaizi Milu
Park in southern Beijing. The next year another herd of 39 arrived from the UK to the Dafeng
Milu Nature Reserve in Jiangsu Province.

The milu deer certainly seemed happy to be back in China because their numbers started
to grow steadily. There were soon so many of them that 64 milu deer were sent to a newly
opened reserve in Shishou, Hubei Province from Beijing in the 1990s. They can move freely in
the reserve, feed entirely on wild plants, and continue to safely thrive.

At the moment, the milu deer are still living in reserves where they are being protected and
cared for. As a result, their population is now recovering fast. Soon a new chapter will be added
to the strange tale of these special animals. The deer are being trained to survive outside the
park so that they can one day all return to the wild. The rescue of the milu deer is already a
success story. Now it is up to us to make sure that the deer live happily ever after.

70
UNIT 2 WILDLIFE PROTECTION ——

2 Answer the questions.

Why do people think the milu deer looks strange?

Why did the milu deer become extinct in China?

How did the milu deer return to Beijing?

What do you think will happen to the milu deer in the future?

上 mh 有 一

3 Write a letter to the WWF asking them for help to save one of the endangered
animals you are most concerned about.

| ls it being hunted and killed? Why?
Is its food source in danger? Why?
Is its habitat being threatened? Why?

What are some ways to protect the animal?
How could its habitat be preserved?
What could be done to let people know about the situation?

Dear Sir/Madam,

71

—— WORKBOOK = - 一

* Expanding Your World
URBAN WILDLIFE

Cities are diverse ecosystems. In addition to visitors from the wild, such as coyotes (丛林 狼 )
in Los Angeles or boars ( 2f# ) in Berlin, a large number of species share our urban areas.
As our cities spread, we need to think about what it is like for other species to have human

neighbours.

Because cities are built for humans, they do not always provide suitable habitats for wildlife.
For example, most city parks are kept neat and tidy so that humans will find them beautiful. But
when we cut grass or plant flowers, we destroy natural habitats.

Our actions sometimes help other species. When

a bridge in Austin, Texas was repaired, engineers
added small gaps running along the length of its
bottom. This made a good home for bats, and soon
the bridge was the home of thousands of bats. At
first, people were afraid of the bats and tried to
get rid of them. Now, they have come to value their
winged neighbours. The bats are a tourist attraction,
and they eat lots of bugs every night.

There are also structures built with the objective of
bringing wildlife into the city. The Beijing Olympic
Forest Park is a good example. The park used native
plants and created open, natural spaces for wildlife.
The result is a zone in Beijing with over 160 species of
birds. In many ways, the park is the opposite of a zoo.
Instead of being kept in cages, wildlife can move about
freely.

Another example is a 2011 proposal for a tall “Birdscraper” building in New York. The building
is intended to protect birds and fight pollution at the same time. It would be in the middle

of a lake, birds would sit on it, and their
droppings would fall into the water.
The droppings would feed water plants
which would then create oxygen through
photosynthesis ( 光合 作用 ).

If we learn to share our space, we can
become better neighbours to the wildlife
around us. If we do not, more species will
become extinct and our own future will be
endangered.

72
UNIT 3

Using Words and Expressions

1

Learn more about the benefits and
drawbacks of the Internet. Complete
the conversations with the correct
forms of the words below.

update _ false theft
access upset account
benefit download database

Conversation 1

A: What is your favourite way to get
information?
B: Through the Internet, of course.
A: But what about books?
B: Youre kidding, right? The Internet is much
.My studies have
alot from it.

more

really

A: But the information on the Internet may be
. You should be careful.

Conversation 2

A: Why do you look so ?
B: All mymoneyhas been stolen from my

bank .Ineverthought
online identity could
happen to me.

A: Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that! Have you
reported it to the police and the bank?
Maybe you can get all your money back if
youre lucky enough.

B: Yes, I've done that already. Lets hope it's just a
bank error!

Conversation 3

A: Do you have any bicycle rental apps?

B: No, though I've heard about them. How do
you use them?

A: Just
smartphone. You can find the nearest bike
in the app. Just enter the bike number in
the app and then you can ride it.

B: That's cool, isn’t it? They must have
to constantly their

an app on your

= THE INTERNET ——

2 Make collocations and then

complete the sentences with them.

of with by on to

A familiar
B comment
C keep track
D inspired

E get discounts

1 The Internet of Things (IoT) will make
it possible for airplane engineers to
the condition of airplane parts.
2 Theyare
and share their projects on a charity
website where artists find supporters and

famous musicians,

raise money.
3 An increasing number of people like
shopping online because they can often
many goods.
4 Allthe people invited to the meeting

the new bus app.
5 People are always more relaxed in places
which are them.

Translate the sentences into
English using the words and
phrases in brackets.

1 用 网 络 和 朋友 保持 联系 是 很 方便 的 。
(convenient, ~ in touch with)

2 我 想 介绍 两 款 你 们 两 个 都 不 熟悉 的 应 用
程序 。(app,befamiliar with)

3 没有 人 陪伴 ， 她 开始 在 网 上 聊天 来 打
AAT TE], (keep somebody company, chat

online)
4 在 别人 哭泣 的 时 候 永 远 不 要 嘲笑 ， 因 为
你 可 能 永远 不 能 充分 了 解 他 们 经 历 过 多
么 艰难 的 时 刻 。(make fun of go through,
tough times)

73

~— WORKBOOK

74

in mind, keep... private)

6 坚持 锻炼 三 个 月 后 ,他 的 状态 更 好 了 。(in

goodshape)

Read and complete the passage
about online communication using
the discourse markers in the box.

although for example however
then to begin with suchas
rather as long as

Connect Online to Meet Offline
In our information technology society, we often
have more communications online than offline.
, just compare the number of
people to whom you have sent online messages
with that of the people you've actually met in the
past two weeks.

, there are now mobile apps
which allow you to connect with strangers online
and then meet them in person, and I’m not
talking about dating apps! ,lm
referring to apps which help to connect people
with similar interests who live in the same city.
, get online and find a

group that interests you.
join the group. youre in a group
with like-minded people, you will be able to enjoy

simply

doing the same activities together. You can do
this for free, some apps will ask you

to pay if you want to create an interest group.

There is a wide variety of interest groups out
there, those for hiking, football,
photography, board games, poetry, or dog owners.
You name it, they've got it! This is really a great
way to network, meet people if youre new to a
city, or simply to make new friends.

1

要 记 住 ,你 的 个 人 信息 一 定 要 保密 。(keep Using Structures

Complete the sentences with the
present perfect passive voice of the
given verbs.

1 A: Why can't] access my account?
B: your personal
(update)?

information
2 Both learning sites

(visit) by over 10, 000 people since last year.
3 This keyboard

(not use) for a long time.
4 Can you tell me what

(do) to bridge the digital divide?
5 Inthe past year I

(inspire) to buy e-books instead of paper
books.

6 A: Where can I read those comments?

B: Online. They
(post) already.
7 Itseems that more health problems
(cause) by mobile
phones.
8 That app (delete)
from my smartphone already.

Find and correct the mistake in
each sentence.

EXAMPLE

This app was used several times since I
has been

downloaded it.

1 Howmuch money has spent on the
earthquake recovery?

2 The girl is really upset because her new
bicycle has stolen.

3 These old houses have been built in the
18th century.

4 Itsapity that the letter has never sent to his
father.

5 Little had been seen of them since they
moved into the house down the street.
3 Read the newspaper headlines.
Change them into complete
sentences as the example.

EXAMPLE

E-library on School Website—for Students

— An e-library for students has been set
up on the school website.

1 Boy’s Video Streamed over Two Million
Times

2 5Records Broken Today

3 Intelligent Search Engine Designed for
Teenagers

4 Theft of Large Amount of Cash from Small

Bank

5 STUDENTS: 30% Discount on
Smartphones

6 Government Done Much to Stop
Cyberbullies

4 Complete the notice with the correct

forms of the verbs in brackets.

Notice to parents

Dear Parents,

We hope you will welcome this news.
Almost 100 computers
(give) to us bya local computer company
since the end oflast year. A decision
(make) to begin a
computer teaching experiment at our
school. Our plan (support)
ith technical equipment and advice
which (provide) by the
City Information Technology Centre.
(provide) with a laptop since the
beginning of this term.

More recently, most of our courses
(teach) using
computers. We (help)
‘in our teaching by a lot of information
from the Internet. Also, a new computer

room (set up)
in our school. We hope you will be happy
with this exciting new development in our
school.

No.8 Senior High School

Think about what you have done this
week. Write as many things as you
can. Then share with a partner.

EXAMPLES

The present perfect passive voice
is often used in formal situations
such as articles or speeches. Below,

a headmaster is making a speech.
Help him complete it.

Name Prize for

Wang Xiaoding _ best in science

Wu Lei top scores all year

Li Li excellent class monitor

Zhang Hong most well-behaved student
in the class

Hi, everyone!

The prizes this year have been awarded (奖励 )

to four students for their outstanding work. It
(decide) that the Best in Science

prize will go to to Wang Xiaoding. Wu Lei
(award) the prize for getting

the highest scores in the tests all year. She

deserves this prize for all her hard work. Li Li
(name) ...

UNIT3 THEINTERNET 一

75
@) 1

76

Read the blog post and complete the tasks.

°,

N

28S HESS STS EE A ETE NPE TIE ESBS ENS SS PT

MY DAY ONLINE

Many people agree that our lives have been
changed by the Internet, but | have recently
realised that | live nearly my entire life online!

In the morning, | wake up and immediately check
my messages. | usually have messages from
friends or family, and | always reply right away.
Then | open my favourite online radio station and
listen to music while | get ready for school.

While I’m eating breakfast, | often read news
articles online. Sometimes | read news out loud for my mum while she cooks breakfast.
She doesn’t have much time to read, so she enjoys hearing me read aloud to her.

On my way to school, | usually wear my earphones so | can listen to an English podcast ( 播客 )
with interesting talks about many different topics. It's a good way to improve my English
listening, especially on days when English is the first lesson.

At lunch, | like to check some online forums (论坛 )about topics I’m interested in, such as
pop music and TV shows. | read the updated posts from other forum members and post
my own thoughts when | think they will be helpful to other people. | think it’s a good way
to connect with others who share the same interests as me.

On the way home from school, | almost always play with one of the many learning apps
on my phone. | have an app that helps me practise maths, an app to practise English
grammar, and another one to help me memorise new vocabulary. It’s a fun way to keep
on learning even after all my classes are over.

After dinner, | start my homework, and that often means going online to do research.
My history teacher, my Chinese literature teacher, and my English teacher all often give
homework assignments that require me to go online and look up information. So I'm
nearly always online in the evening, reading online resources for my homework.

If | finish my homework before 9:00 p.m., my parents will let me play half an hour of video
games, which are almost always online games! | like online games because | can play with
my friends even when we're not in the same place.

My final thing to do every day is to listen to an audio book online before | go to sleep!
Sometimes | like to read an online book, but | don’t like to look at a screen just before
bedtime, so audio books are the perfect thing for me. It’s a great way to drift off to sleep.

1

- 一 一 一 — UNIT3 THEINTERNET 一 一

Fill in the table with the online activities that the student does throughout the day.

Then mark each activity as entertainment (E), social use (S), or learning (L).

Ask yourself the following questions for each activity. Note down a few words in the table.
e Dol doit, too?

e Is it a good/bad activity? Why?

e ls there anything better or just as good to recommend?

Activity {do Good

Time of day Online activity Why Recommendation

type ornot or bad
check for messages not so . listen to English
and reply Ss no a waste of time : ne
Morning
Noon
Afternoon
Evening

3 Do you think it is a good idea to spend so much time online? Why or why not?

Write a comment about the blog post.

1

There are a number of ways to organise your ideas. How would you like to organise your
ideas? Choose one way from the list below and explain why.

A By the time of day when the activities happen.

B By the type of activity (entertainment, social, learning).
C By opinion: good versus bad.

D By the ones | do versus the ones | don’t do.

2 Be sure to start with an introduction and end with a conclusion.

_To sum up, | think that your online activities are ... : 多

77

—— WORKBOOK

* Expanding Your World

[@] E-LEARNING

Courses that are taught via the Internet, or online courses, have become popular in many
countries. There are different kinds of online courses, but most show a video of a teacher
and students in a classroom. Students watch the video online and take part in online
activities. Some courses are free and open to anyone, giving students anywhere the
chance to study at any time. Of course, watching students and teachers on a computer
screen is not the same as taking part in a real class.

Other kinds of e-learning are being tested around the world. In Singapore, eight schools
have been chosen to try new ways of using technology in the classroom. The schools
have tablets and touchscreens instead of books and blackboards in the classrooms.
There are also social media platforms to help the students work together on projects,
and online “worlds” where the students can interact with each other and the digital
environment while completing different learning tasks.

In South Korea, some students have been taught English by teachers in the Philippines
and other countries since 2011. The teachers are in their home countries and are
connected to the Korean classrooms via the Internet. Instead of looking at a screen, the
students interact with a robot in the classroom. The robot is controlled by the teacher
and can move around the classroom and talk with the students. It is unlikely that robot
teachers will replace real teachers, but like online learning environments, they can be
useful tools.

These important examples show us that e-learning can be successful. Thanks to
technology, more and more ways of teaching and learning are being developed. Nobody
knows what the classroom of the future will look like, but one thing is for sure—there has
never been a more interesting time to be a student.

78
UNIT4

Using Words and Expressions

1 Study the words in bold. Circle the
odd one out in each group.

GroupA

1 In 1801, the “United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Ireland” was formed .

2 The United Kingdom consists of four
countries.

3 Ireland has 26 counties.

4 The ship spent four days in port.

Group B

1 Does the writer use specific words and
give examples?

2 Try to adopt a positive attitude towards
life.

3 Never hold a negative attitude towards
people.

4 I don't mean to be rude, but I’d rather be
alone.

Group C

1 Shall we go to the pub for a drink?

2 No,thanks. I’m not old enough for beer.
3 Idont drink wine, only spirits.

4 Bob hasn't lost his strong Irish accent.

Complete each sentence with the
correct form of a word or phrase in
the box.

chief battle join to
ensure aspect former
formal position generous

ancestor belongto military defence

1 The three airport terminals are
each other by a small train.

2 The four countries
the United Kingdom.

HISTORY AND TRADITIONS

3 A huge amount of government money
is spent on :
4 The Normans ruled England after the
of Hastings.
5 It is important to know the differences
between and informal English.
6 Each generation will reap ( 收获 ) what the
generation has sown ( 播种 ).

7 CEOmeans Executive Officer.

8 Is DNA testing a dependable way to learn
more about one’s ?

9 While taking pictures,
that the camera is at the
eye level of the subject.

10 Being without expecting

something in return is an important
of being a good person.

Add one word to make each sentence
correct.

1 Ineed to go to the bookshop as well the
bank this afternoon.

Far away our village the train whistles sounded.
The Irish countryside offers a feast our eyes.
Keep eyes open for the unique landscape.
And above, keep your mind open as well

ah ond

while travelling.

Read and complete an interview with
a detective novelist, using the correct
forms of the words in the box.

legal greet gallery

(J: Journalist A: Arthur)

J: Congratulations, Mr Rogers! I've been told
that loud cheers the
news that your new detective novel would
come out soon.

79
WORKBOOK * ~ To

80

A: Thank you.
J: It was reported in the Annual Review
that you did a lot of research into the
English Channel Tunnel and the National
before you started to
write. Why did you do that?
A: In order to avoid

complications, I wanted to collect some
truthful information.

J: Would you please tell us the structure of
your novel?

A: Sorry, it’s a secret.

J: Oh, I see. Anyway, thank you for speaking
with us, Mr Rogers. And congratulations

again on your new book.

Read and complete the passage with
the correct forms of the words below.

roll description deer
landscape surround

Behind a small cottage just outside the
village lies the beautiful Twinflower Pond,
whose name is a reference to a special wild
flower in Scotland. It’s a favourite with both
locals and visitors. The pond is part ofa rich
natural which is home
to quite a few wild plants and animals. The
area provides an ideal habitat and plenty of
food for

various species of birds, such as blackbirds

wildcats, and

and coots. Moreover, two miles away and

by__

hills, there is a lake where otters and kingfishers
( «#4 4, ) can often be seen. Allin all,
the appeal of this small quiet village is beyond

Using Structures

1 Complete the sentences using the
past participles of the verbs or
phrase as the object complement.

receive please add
impress charge take care of

1 His gaining admission to Peking University
made his parents very .
2 The Harry Potter films were well
because of their
highly imaginative storylines.
3 Ifyou want to make the food
tastier, you could have more spices
to the dishes.
4 She found herself by the
beauty of the landscape in Australia.
5 Getting back from her business trip,
Judy was happy to see her puppies well
by her friend.
6 Remember to get your battery
_ before setting off
from the camping ground.

2 Complete the sentences using the
past participles of the verbs as the
attribute.

reserve design pack
pollute drive complete

1 The first engine by steam
was invented by James Walt, an inventor,
engineer, and chemist.

2 Itis dangerous for the villagers to drink

from wells with poisonous
chemicals.
3 Rosemary shares her lunch

with two friends every day.
4 Westminster Abbey is a typical Gothic

church, in the 10th century.
5 These are English textbooks specially

____ for primary school students.

6 Inthe car park of the National Museum

there are parking spaces

for people with disabilities.

3 Complete the sentences using the
past participles of the verbs as the
attribute or the object complement.

break cut lose’ raise open
position prepare _ style surround

1 Whata pity! That beautiful vase in
the National Museum Collection got
during the move.
2 The director got the actors
so that everyone could fit into the picture.
3 Doyou knowhow long a(n)
jar of peanut butter can stay fresh?
4 This is a well-written book which lists the
things to do if one gets

UNIT4 HISTORY AND TRADITIONS —

5 A: What was the decision
on?
B: There wasn't enough money to start the
project.
6 A: Excuse me. Is there a problem?
B: Yes. I'm trying to use the Wi-Fi, but I can’t

get

Read and complete the passage about
Annie and the royal ball by translating
the words in brackets into English.

Annie was (兴奋 的 )
to find her name on the list of people
(邀请 ) to the royal

ona hike.
5 Claire went to the hairdresser’s and had her
hair and
before the piano performance.
6 At the foot of the hill was a mysterious little
hut by tall pine trees.
7 Mr Clark put the honey
for the picnic into his basket.
8 These are the cattle
ona special diet which can produce high-
quality milk.

4 Complete the conversations with
the past participles of the verbs
as the attribute or the object
complement.

base connect addict
hide write trap

1 A: What do you think of the weather?
B: It drives me crazy sometimes! The
continuous heavy rain had me
at home last week.
2 A: Doyoulike that new TV series?
B: Yes, it really has me
3 A: What’ your travel plan for this Wakend:
B: I'm so interested in the plays
by Shakespeare that I’m going to
Stratford-upon-Avon this weekend.
4 A:Whydoyoulike this park so much?
B: We like to look for the birds
in the trees.

ball at Windsor Castle. She took out adress
(做 ) long ago for this
special day. She turned around and around,
enjoying her look in the mirror. The next
day at the ball, she really found herself well
(接待 ) .She danced with
afewpolite youngmen
(介绍 ) to her. Allin all, she found Windsor
Castle to be a place which would never leave
anyone (感到 无 聊 ) .

Read and complete the passage
about travelling in Paris with the
past participles of the verbs as the
attribute or the object complement.

end advance preserve
spend impress

I still remember my time

travelling in Pairs. Almost everything there

left me . I was surprised

to find old buildings such as the Palace of

Versailles and the Louvre Museum quite well
_ At the same time, many

futuristic buildings with

high-tech facilities could be found all over. I felt
ita pity to have my trip so
soon.

81
~— WORKBOOK 一 一 一 一 一

Reading and Writing

™@) 1 Discuss the questions below in pairs. Then read the texts.

1 Would you prefer to visit a modern city or a historic city? Why?
Tell a partner about a historic city you have visited or would like to visit.

What are some similarities and differences between your local city and the cities shown in
the photos?

[eeo

Hi Mum and Dad!

Well, here we are in Cairo at last. We managed to find a cheap hostel just a stone's
throw away from the famous River Nile. The Egyptian Museum is nearby, too. We
saw lots of ancient mummies and also Tutankhamun's mask—made of pure gold!
We took a tour to the Pyramids yesterday. They let us ride up to the pyramids on
camels—it felt just like a movie! This morning, we explored an old market area. It
was very atmospheric and filled with lots of interesting things. | bought a beautiful
necklace for you, Mum—it looks just like one that Queen Cleopatra would have
worn! Anyway, we're going out to eat some more of Egypt's national dish now. It’s
made with rice, so you'd really like it, Dad! Visiting Cairo has been an unforgettable
experience, even with the terrible heat! See ya!

Love, Cleo

S

—_
Hi from Athens, John! There is just so much ancient history to explore here. My first stop
was the Acropolis. What a place—| never realised the columns would be so big! The old
quarter of Plaka ( #4 ) is just like a painting—iittle streets of houses on hills, all painted
white and blue. | go there every night and find a little restaurant to try some traditional
Greek food. After my meal, | always order a lovely Greek coffee and just soak up the
atmosphere. Tomorrow, I'm going to see the changing of the guard. | can't wait to take
a selfie with them—and their funny shoes! Take care!

Sally

a

Greek guards

Cairo market

Tut ‘ sk
= ankhamun’s mask

@ Old quarter of Plaka
—— UNIT4 HISTORY AND TRADITIONS —

Read the texts again and underline any words or phrases that relate to
history or tradition, and then answer the questions below.

What sort of writing is the text?

What things impressed Cleo about Cairo?

What was the Athens old quarter of Plaka like, and what did Sally do each night?

What do you think the two cities have in common? Which would you like to visit more, and
why? What cities in China do you think are similar to Cairo or Athens?

BR WOOD +

Your Australian friend Adam is coming to China next month for a short

visit. He really likes Chinese history and traditions. What city would you
recommend to him? Choose a historic city to write about, and draw a map of
the city to accompany your writing.

1 Consider which historic and traditional features you should include.

2 Draw a simple map of the city. Add icons and legends to the map to help others
understand it. Also include some reference photos, if possible.

a 5
(2)
by
% park street °
@ underground station 一 -= railway *
XV

Write one paragraph to describe the historic city and another paragraph to
say why you recommend Adam visit it.

| Hi there, Adam! '

83

WORKBOOK

84

* Expanding Your World

A speech contest is being held at an international school. The topic is” My family
treasure and traditions”. This speech is from a Russian student.

Oo
O

HOR O OR OeO AO

oO

@ 5 @7.@)

One

O20

Samovar—the Special Teapot

Hello, my speech today is
about a very special teapot—
the samovar! It’s a traditional
Russian water boiler that can
also brew tea. It played a big
part in Russian history and was
a central part of Russian family
life for a very long time. | know
this because there is a very old
samovar in my home that we
treasure dearly. It belonged 3 ;
to my great-grandmother’s great-grandmother, and the story of how she bought it has
been passed down from generation to generation along with the samovar. So let me tell
you how this samovar became part of our family.

Almost 200 years ago, my great-grandmother’s great-grandmother was trying to survive
yet another freezing Russian winter when she heard about a new invention called a
“samovar”, which means “self-boiler” in Russian. In her family, they could only boil water
on their big stove. The new samovar could make hot water much easier and could be
transported anywhere, not to mention that it required much less fuel. Although they were
poor, they decided to use their savings to invest in a samovar. So early one cold winter
morning, she set out to a distant town. After four hours of struggling through snow, she
found the town and quickly bundled her new samovar into her sack and hurried home.
The samovar was then proudly placed in her main room and has been in use by my family
ever since.

The samovar tea-making process is quite special and has two stages. First, a teapot
containing lots of tea leaves and a little water is placed on top of the samovar. As the
samovar heats up, the teapot begins to produce a strong tea concentrate. Next, the tea
concentrate is poured into cups, after which water from inside the samovar is added by
using the tap. In contrast to special tea ceremonies that can be found in countries like China,
the samovar is much less reserved and is traditionally enjoyed with a few sweet snacks.
This is a little similar to the British tradition of an informal cup of tea served with snacks.
However, with the samovar, tea is usually taken without milk, and sugar is not placed in the
cup but rather in the drinker’s mouth, to be slowly melted away by the warm tea.

In closing, in my opinion, regardless of how it is made, one thing is for sure: Tea makes
the world go round! Invented in China, it breaks through cultural barriers and provides
great relief after a hard day’s work. Every time we have a special occasion in my family,
out comes the family samovar. The samovar symbolises happiness, and that’s one thing
that | want to keep in my family forever!
UNIT 5 本

Using Words and Expressions

1

Fill in the blanks with words related
to music.

People Places

SS

Rewrite the sentences using
words and phrases from the box to
replace the parts in italics.

aim from then on talent
ordinary opportunity various
impact in addition

1 I put the letter into a plain envelope.

2 Thank you for giving me the chance to try
out for the famous musical.

3 The musician developed a serious disease in
2007 and has suffered stomachaches since

then.

4 The poster has been produced with the
purpose of increasing sales of the singer's
new album.

5 Classical music seems to have an important
influence on keeping one’s soul at peace.

6 Different kinds of people turned up at the
music festival.

7 Her gift for music showed at an early age.

8 The flute is a nice musical instrument;

moreover, it is not expensive.

Complete the sentences using the
correct forms of the verbs in the box.

remind enable prove = recover
gothrough setup fall in love with
previous romantic (be) capable of
1 This peaceful music the
novelist to focus all her attention on the
writing.
2 The concert to be very
successful in the end.
3 This lively song me of

my years in Kenya.
4 Instead of helping out with the crowds, he

volunteered to equipment
for the music festival.
5 Music helped him from

the shock of this terrible accident.

6 She hip-hop music the first
time she watched it performed on stage.

7 The musician bravely a one-
year medical treatment for the serious
disease.

8 You should volunteer. You
performing at music festivals.

9 Many styles of music start as a reaction
toa one by changing it
somehow in one way or another.

10 Music in the Period is
usually considered to be more expressive
and emotional.

一 MUSIC

85
WORKBOOK

86

4 Read and complete the interview with
a singer using the correct forms of
the words below.

award
somehow

moreover
individual

altogether
being

A: Congratulations on winning the Best
Singer !
B: Thank you.
A: Do you feel that your songs are popular with
people ofall ages?
B: Im not sure. Tastes in music depend on the
involved, you know.
A: Then who is your main target audience?
: Teenagers, actually.
A: Until now, you have produced three albums
,and they have all sold very
well. Do you have any effective marketing
strategies?
B: No, I don't. I don’t think I
need one. I focus my attention on writing
and singing songs. [hope that fans will

四

find something in my
songs that touches a part of their

A: It’s said that you are making efforts to
prepare for a classical music performance.
Is it true?

B: Shh... It isa secret.

5 Are you interested in starting a
small band? Read and complete the
passage using the words below in
their correct forms.

outline band opportunity studio
original in addition composition

Almost every teenager dreams of having the
to sing in public or even

becoming famous as a singer. Actually, you do
. Nor

to make
records. You can just start with your friends.
Get your musical instruments ready and begin

not have to sing ina
do you need a

practising singing now. ,
it is highly recommended that you write your
own compositions, which
will help develop your identity in music. First,
write a(n) of what the song
is about. Then use it and other linguistic devices
(语言 手段 ) to write something like a poem.
After that, try singing the poem out loud using
different melodies and note them down. Practise
again and again. This is a great way to create your
own

Using Structures

1 Join the sentences by using past
participles.

1 lam given the opportunity to perform
alone on video. I will enjoy the experience.

2 He was presented with the Player of the Year
Award. Sam completed the final year of his
career with great satisfaction.

3 Whitacre was inspired by his fans. He
continued with his original compositions.

4 These videos were uploaded onto the
Internet. They soon became popular.

5 They were invited to be volunteers at the
music festival. They are learning a lot from
this opportunity.

6 They are connected by virtual music.

They often perform and write musical
compositions together online.

2 Complete these sentences with the

correct forms of the verbs.

1 (give) some advice by
a famous musician, the young singer was
not (worry) about his

performance any more.
2 Thousands of
fans welcomed the
(respect) songwriter.
3 The
rushed to help the
(injure) woman.

(excite)

(alarm) passengers

4 (move) by the

peaceful music, he decided to study
classical music in university.

5 (form) by some
teenagers, the band soon became
popular among students
(interest) in hip-hop.

6 The top of the mountain is

(cover) with snow for most of the year.
7 Those good old days are

(go) forever!

Complete these sentences with the
correct forms of the words in italics.

1 Itis important to speak English as much
as possible, but it frightens many
students.
to speak in front of so
many people, they miss a lot of chances
for improvement.
2 Great people are strongly influential ( #
影响 力 的 )
by their beliefs and
qualities, we are trying to make a difference.
3 It wasa long, tiring climb.
Very , I slid into bed and
fell fast asleep that night.
4 Thank you for sharing your new song
with us.
Once with the public, it
proved to be wonderful.
5 They came from all over the world for one
performance.
by so many top
musicians, the song sounded different this
time.

Translate the sentences into English

using the words and phrases in

brackets.

1 这 个 现象 令 科学 家 吃惊 ， 他 们 立即 对 其
展开 调查 研究 。 (phenomenon )

2 看 到 儿子 的 重病 被 医生 治 好 了 ， 这 位 妈妈

fie LT RRR

( cure, relief )

UNIT5 MUSIC —

3 父母 应 该 让 孩子 的 内 心平 静 而 充实 。
(soul )

4 信 不 信 由 你 ! 伟大 音乐 家 创作 的 美好 音
乐 ， 可 以 让 一 个 人 内 心平 静 ， 从 而 更 容
吻 度 过 一 段 艰难 时 期 。 (get through )

Read and complete the conversation
about a music festival with the correct
forms of the verbs in brackets.

Linda: Hi George! How was the music
festival?

George: It was interesting. We were

(amaze) to hear

so many types of music!

Linda: Did it take you long to get to the
festival?

George: No, it was OK. We were

(worry) about heavy traffic,

so we left a little earlier, and the roads

were clear.
Linda: What did you enjoy most at the
festival?
George: Definitely the performance
(give)
by my favourite hip-hop artist!
(attract) by the

chance to see him perform live,
I went to the music festival even
though it was still exam season!
Linda: ”He must be great.
George: Yes. Hes avery
(talent) musician.
(influence) by his grandmother who
was an opera singer, his music is
really something different.
Linda: Cool, I should check out his music

sometime!

一 WORKBOOK —

Reading and Writing

@) 1

88

Read the song lyrics and music reviews. Then answer the questions.

VERSE 1

My child arrived just the other day.

He came to the world in the usual way,

But there were planes to catch and bills to pay.
He learned to walk while | was away,

And he was talking fore | knew it, and as he grew,
He’d say, “I’m gonna be like you, Dad,

You know I’m gonna be like you.”

CHORUS

And the cat’s in the cradle and the silver spoon,
Little boy blue and the man on the moon.
“when you coming home, Dad?”

“| don’t know when, but we'll get together then.
You know we'll have a good time then.”

VERSE 2

My son turned ten just the other day.

He said, “Thanks for the ball, Dad, come on let’s play.
Can you teach me to throw?”

| said, “Not today, | got a lot to do.”

He said, “That’s okay.”

And he walked away but his smile never dimmed;
And said, “I’m gonna be like him, yeah.

You know I’m gonna be like him.” (Chorus)

VERSE 3
Well, he came from college just the other day,
So much like a man, | just had to say.

“Son, I’m proud of you. Can you sit for a while?” 二

He shook his head, and said with a smile,
“what I'd really like, Dad, is to borrow the car keys.
See you later; can | have them please?”

CHORUS

And the cat’s in the cradle and the silver spoon,
Little boy blue and the man on the moon.

“When you coming home, son?”

“| don’t know when, but we'll get together then, Dad.
You know we'll have a good time then.”

VERSE 4

lve long since retired, my son’s moved away.

I called him up just the other day.

| said, “I'd like to see you, if you don’t mind.”
He said, “I'd love to, Dad, if | can find the time.
You see my new job’s a hassle and the kids have the flu,
But it’s sure nice talking to you, Dad.

It’s been sure nice talking to you.”

And as | hung up the phone, it occurred to me.
He’d grown up just like me,

My boy was just like me.

CHORUS

And the cat’s:in the cradle and the silver spoon,
Little boy blue-and the man on the moon)

“when you'coming home, son?”

“| don’t know whenybut we'll get together then, Dad.
_ We're gonna have a good time then” S

f

= -一 一 一 一 一 UNIT5 MUSIC -一

“Cat’s in the Cradle” is about a father who is too busy to be with his son. Then after
his son grows up, his son is too busy to be with him. As the song notes: “My boy

He’s often busy with work because he wants to take care of me. I love my father

A was just like me.” The song made me think of my relationship with my own father.

very much, but I wish we had more time together. The song made me want to work
harder to find chances to be with my father.
—Jill

NOOR WO

2A

“Cat’s in the Cradle” is about the idea that you get what you give. A father ignores

his son for years, and then when he is older his son ignores him. While I feel sad

for the man in the song, I had trouble relating to him, because I have a very good

a a relationship with my father. We often do things together and he works hard to be
with me. I’m sure that when I am older we will still be good friends.

—Dennis

In Verse 1, why is the father away so much?

In the chorus, do you think the father and son are talking face to face or over the phone?
Why?

In Verse 2, what is a possible reason why the father gives his son a ball?

In Verse 2, how does the son feel about his father?

In Verse 3, why do you think the son wants to borrow the car keys?

In Verse 4, do you think the son will have time for his father? Why?

Why do Jill and Dennis have different feelings about the song?

rrange the items according to their order in the song reviews.

the title of the song

©) how the reviewer related the song to his/her life

a quote from the song
a summary of the song

(©) how the song made the reviewer feel

3 Write your own comments ona song or a piece of music.

RON +

In pairs, decide which song or piece of music you want to write about.
Discuss how it makes you feel and why.

Discuss how you can relate it to your own life.

Here are some other things that you can consider including:

w the background of the song or piece of music

w adescription of the song or music

ww whether the song or music is good or bad, and why
w what musical instruments were used

ww who wrote it

¥ for whom it was written

Write your comments. Remember to include the title and a short summary of the song
or a piece of music, and use complete sentences.

WORKBOOK — a

* Expanding Your World

MUSIC SCORES IN FILMS
In today’s blog post, I’d like to look at the role of musical scores in films.

Most people recognise the music John Williams wrote for the film Jaws. As soon as you
hear it, you begin thinking that a shark will attack. And that is exactly what you are meant to
think. On the big screen, Jaws is a scary film. However, if you watch it without the music, it
becomes boring. The music tells you to be frightened about what you are seeing. Good film
scores always signal how to feel about what is happening on the screen. This is even clearer
with Williams’ next score, for Star Wars. When Luke Skywalker appears on the screen, the
music becomes heroic because he is the hero. Darth Vader is the bad guy, so his music
is quite dark. Would you think that Luke Skywalker was still a hero without the music?
Probably. However, the music makes him seem even more heroic.

No one can talk about film scores without talking about Hans Zimmer. He did the music for
many films, such as The Dark Knight, Inception, Pirates of the Caribbean, Gladiator, and The
Lion King. Zimmer and Williams have very different styles and ideas for film scores. There are
people who do not like Williams’ scores for the Harry Potter films because they stand out
too much, while some people do not like Zimmer's scores because they sometimes do not
stand out enough. Of course, in many ways, that is not the point. When you leave a film, you
should not be saying, “Wow! Great music!” Instead, you should be saying, “Wow! Great film!”

A third, very different kind of film composer is Tan Dun, who has a classical music
background, unlike many film composers. Tan started out as a musician for the Peking
Opera. However, he fell in love with Western classical music, and started writing classical
Western operas that show a strong touch of Chinese music. Like his operas, the scores
for Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and Hero use Chinese musical instruments and styles
in a Western classical music score. The music follows all of the rules of most film scores—
the purpose is to tell you how to feel about the action in the film, and to help tell the story.
However, perhaps because of Tan’s background in classical music, his scores can stand
alone as works of art without needing a film to support them.

Film scores are almost always a form of classical music. However, unlike most classical music,
they have never been considered high art. Perhaps with Tan Dun, this will begin to change.

90
Appendices 附录
Notes 注释

Unit 1

There comes a time when the old must give way to the new, and it is not possible to
preserve everything from our past as we move towards the future. 新 旧 更 蔡 的 时 代 已
经 到 来 ， 在 走向 未 来 的 过 程 中 ， 我 们 不 可 能 将 过 去 的 一 切 都 保存 下 来 。

There comes a time when ... 这 个 句子 中 包含 了 由 when 引导 的 限制 性 定语 从 句 ， 修 饰 的 是 先行 词 a
time。 如 :

This is a time when people can get a lot of information from the Internet. 这 是 一 个 可 以 从 互联 网 上
获得 大 量 信息 的 时 代 。

give way to sth 顺从 ; 让 步

The company finally gave way to the customer’s complaints. 面 对 顾 客 的 投诉 ， 公 司 最 终 还 是 让 步
To

【 思考 】 动词 give 的 常见 搭配 有 很 多 ， 你 还 知道 哪些 并 能 用 它们 造句 吗 ?

the Nile 尼罗河

又 称 Nile River, 是 世界 上 最 长 的 河流 ， 自 南 向 北 穿 过 撒哈拉 沙漠 ， 流 贯 非洲 东北 部 ， 注 入 地 中 海 。
在 第 一 瀑布 处 修建 的 阿 斯 旺 大 坝 ， 有 灌溉 、 防 洪 、 发 电 、 运 输 等 作用 。 尼 罗 河 对 沿岸 各 国 的 经 济 生活 具
有 重要 意义 ， 其 下 游 谷 地 和 三 角 洲 是 世界 古文 明 发 祥 地 之 一 。

the United Nations 联合 国

联合 国 是 第 二 次 世界 大 战 之 后 为 维护 和 平 与 安全 而 建立 的 国际 组 织 , 成 立 于 1945 年 10 月 24 日 ,总 部
设 在 纽约 。《 联 合 国 宪章 》 规 定 ， 联 合 国 作为 协调 各 国 行动 的 中 心 ， 宗 旨 是 维护 国际 和 平 与 安全 ， 发 展 各
国之 间 的 友好 关系 ， 促 进 国际 合作 。 联 合 国 的 主要 机 构 有 6 个 : 联合 国 大 会 、 安 全 理事 会 、 联 合 国 经 济
及 社会 理事 会 、 托 管理 事 会 、 国 际 法 院 和 秘书 处 。 在 国际 事务 中 ， 联 合 国 发 挥 着 非常 重要 的 作用 。

Not only had the countries found a path to the future that did not run over the
relics of the past, but they had also learnt that it was possible for countries to work
together to build a better tomorrow. 这 些 国家 不 仅 找到 了 一 条 不 以 牺牲 古迹 为 代价 的 未 来 发 展
之 路 ， 而 且 明 白 了 多 个 国家 合作 创造 美好 未 来 的 可 能 性 。

这 是 一 个 由 not only ... but also .… 所 连接 的 复合 句 。not only ... but also... 表示“ 不仅 ……. 而
且 ……”， 既 可 以 用 来 连接 两 个 名 词 、 代 词 或 短语 ， 也 可 以 用 来 连接 两 个 句子 。 本 句 中 连接 的 就 是 两 个
句子 。 第 一 个 句子 以 词组 not only 开始 ， 助 动词 had 被 提 到 了 主语 the countries 之 前 ， 形 成 了 倒 装 句 。
此 名 也 可 写成 : The countries had not only found a path ..., but had also learnt that ...

短语 动词 run over MAA “( 车 辆 ) 撞 倒 并 碾 轧 ”之 意 。 如 ;
It was so sad that the little puppy was run over and killed. 那 只 小 狗 被 撞 倒 轧 死 了 ， 这 真 让 人 难过 。

run over 还 有 “翻阅 ; 快速 阅读 ”的 意思 。 如 :
The teacher ran over his teaching notes before giving his lesson. 老师 上 课 前 很 快 看 了 一 遍 教 案 。
这 个 短语 动词 在 上 述 例句 中 形象 地 表示 “损毁 ” “遗忘 ”( 古迹 ) 的 意思 。

UNESCO 联合 国教 科 文 组 织

英文 全 称 United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization ( 联合 国教 育 、 科 学 及 文
化 组 织 )， 是 联合 国 系统 的 专门 机 构 之 一 ， 成 立 于 1945 年 ,总 部 设 在 法 国 巴黎 。 中 国 是 该 组 织 的 创始 国

91

一 一 Appendices

92

之 一 。 其 宗旨 是 推动 各 国 在 教育 、 科 学 和 文化 方面 的 交流 与 合作 ， 促 进 各 国人 民 之 间 的 相互 了 解 和 维护
世界 的 和 平 与 稳定 。

the Kremlin and Red Square, Moscow 莫斯科 的 克里姆林 宫 和 红 场

Moscow 莫斯科 ， 俄 罗斯 首都 。 俄 罗斯 政治 、 经 济 、 交 通 和 文化 中 心 。 莫 斯 科 有 800 多 年 历史 ， 是
俄罗斯 最 古老 的 城市 之 一 。

the Kremlin 这 里 指 克里姆林 宫 ， 英 文 全 称 the Moscow Kremlin。 始 建 于 12 世 纪 ， 至 15 世 纪 莫 斯 科
大 公 伊 凡 三 世 初 具 规模 ， 以 后 逐渐 扩大 。16 世 纪 中 叶 起 成 为 沙皇 的 富 堡 ，17 世 纪 逐 渐 失 去 城堡 的 性 质
成 为 莫斯科 的 市 中 心 建筑 群 。

Red Square 莫斯科 红 场 ， 莫 斯 科 市 中 心 的 广场 ， 与 克里姆林 宫 相 毗 连 。17 世纪 中 叶 起 称 红 场 ， 俄
语意 为 “美丽 的 广场 "。 十 月 革命 后 ， 红 场 成 为 人 民 举 行 庆祝 活动 、 集 会 和 阅兵 的 广场 。 红 场 是 莫斯科
最 古老 的 广场 ， 是 莫斯科 重大 历史 事件 的 见证 场所 。

克里姆林 宫 的 钟 塔 群 与 红 场 周围 的 圣 瓦 西里 大 教堂 及 其 他 历史 建筑 ， 被 视 为 莫斯科 的 标志 和 象征 。

the Mogao Caves 莫 高 宣

莫 高 宣 ， 又 称 “ 千 佛 洞 " ， 中 国 佛教 石 寞 ， 位 于 甘肃 敦煌 ， 与 云 冈 石 寞 、 龙 门 石窟 并 称 为 中 国 三 大
BA, 开 溺 在 鸣 沙 山东 看 的 断崖 上 。 前 秦 建 元 二 年 ( 公元 366 年 ) HM, HRB, 前 后 延续 约 1,000
年 ,这 在 中 国 石 宦 中 绝无仅有 。 壁 画 和 雕塑 作品 反映 了 中 国 从 公元 5 世纪 到 14 世纪 的 部 分 社会 生活 及 历
代 造 型 艺术 的 发 展 情况 。 窟 内 大 批 敦煌 遗书 和 文物 先后 被 外 国 “探险 队 ” 捆 载 而 去 ， 壁 画 和 塑像 也 唱 掠
夺 与 破坏 。1944 年 设立 敦煌 艺术 研究 所 ,对 莫 高 窟 进行 修复 、 保 管 和 研究 工作 ,1961 年 被 列 为 全 国 重点
文物 保护 单位 ，1987 年 被 列 入 《世界 遗产 名 录 》。 莫 高 寞 曾 是 古代 “丝绸 之 路 ”的 重镇 和 必 经 之 处 。

By sharing so many digital photos over the Internet, the group hopes to promote
even wider interest around the world in China’s ancient history, culture, and
traditions. 这 些 科学 家 和 研究 者 在 网 络 上 分 享 了 大 量 (有 关 莫 高 写 的 ) 电子 照片 ， 希 望 在 世界 范围 内
促使 人 们 对 中 国 古 代 历史 和 文化 习俗 产生 更 广泛 的 兴趣 。

promote 促进 ; 鼓励 、 提 倡 。 如 :

Enough sunlight and water can promote rapid growth in plants. 充足 的 阳光 和 水 分 能 够 促进 植物 的
快速 生长 。

Unit 2

Changtang National Nature Reserve 羌 塘 国家 级 自然 保护 区
治 区 北部 ， 是 藏 冷 羊 的 主要 生活 区 之 一 。

羌 塘 国家 级 自然 保护 区 位 于 西藏

On the plain in front of us, we can just make out a herd of graceful animals. 放眼 平原 ，
我 们 隐约 看 到 一 群体 形 优美 的 动物 。

make out ( #438) 看 出 ; HHA; 听 出 。 如 :
They asked us to make out a shape on the page. 他 们 要 求 我 们 辨认 出 页 面 上 的 一 个 形状 来 。
Can you make out what they are saying? 你 能 听 得 清 他 们 在 说 什么 吗 ?

They are being hunted, illegally, for their valuable fur. 因 其 珍贵 的 羊毛 ， 它 们 GAH)
正 遭 受 非法 猎 杀 。

are being hunted 为 现在 进行 时 的 被 动 语 态 ， 表 示 “ 正 在 被 猎 杀 ”， 其 结构 为 anyis/are being done.
如 :

Air tickets are being booked for the tourists. 为 旅客 们 准备 的 机 票 正 在 订购 中 。

New houses are being built for the poor in this city. 这 座 城市 给 穷人 居住 的 新 房 正 在 建造 中 。

【思考 】 你 能 将 以 上 两 个 句子 改 为 主动 语 态 吗 ? 现在 进行 时 的 被 动 语 态 和 主动 语 态 在 形式 、 结 构 和
意义 上 有 什么 不 同 ?

The government, however, does not intend to stop the protection programmes,
since the threats to the Tibetan antelope have not yet disappeared. 然而 ， 政 府 并 没有
打算 停止 这 些 保 护 项 目 ， 因 为 对 藏 冷 羊 的 威胁 依然 存在 。

since 因为 ， 既 然 。since 引导 原因 状语 从 句 ， 语 气 比 because 引导 的 从 句 要 弱 一 些 。 如 :

You should have atalk with Michael about how to learn English better since he is really an expert. 你
应 该 和 麦克 聊 一 聊 如 何 把 英语 学 得 更 好 ， 因 为 他 在 这 方面 真 的 是 专家 。

Since | will be on holiday with my family next weekend, | shall not be able to go shopping with you.
因为 下 周末 我 要 陪 家 人 度假 ， 也 就 无 法 陪 你 去 购物 了 。

Only when we learn to exist in harmony with nature can we stop being a threat to
wildlife and to our planet. 只 有 学 会 和 大 自然 和 谐 共 处 ， 我 们 才 不 会 成 为 野生 生物 和 地 球 的 威胁 。

当 only 位 于 句 首 时 ， 如 果 后 面 跟 副 词 、 介 词 短语 或 从 句 等 状语 ， 则 要 用 部 分 倒 装 结构 。 如 :
Only then did she realise her mistake. 只 是 在 那 时 ， 她 才 意 识 到 自己 的 错误 。( 如 果 谓 语 没 有 助动词
或 情态 动词 ， 则 需 添 加 助动词 do、does 或 did， 并 将 其 置 于 主语 之 前 。)
Only by practising more can we learn English well. 只 有 多 练习 ， 我 们 才能 学 好 英语 。
Only when the project was completed was he able to get back home. 只 有 当 工 程 完 成 时 ， 他 才能
家 。( 主 句 部 分 倒 装 ，was 置 于 主语 he 之 前 ; 句 首 的 状语 从 名 不 倒 装 。)

器

Should we put out bowls of food for them? 我 们 该 给 它们 (838) 准备 几 碗 食物 吗 ?

put out 在 此 处 意思 是 “把 …… 摆 好 ; 预备 好 ( 物品 ) 。
【 思考 ]put out 还 可 表达 许多 意思 ， 你 能 说 出 来 并 造句 吗 ?

WWF 世界 自然 基金 会

世界 自然 基金 会 是 一 个 独立 性 非 政府 环境 保护 组 织 。 其 前 身 是 1961 年 创立 的 World Wildlife Fund
( 世界 野生 动 植物 基金 会 ， 缩 写 为 WWF )，1986 年 改名 为 World Wide Fund For Nature( 世界 自然 基金
会 )。 起 初 的 缩写 WWF 仍然 沿用 。

WWF 致 力 于 保护 世界 生物 多 样 性 及 生物 的 生存 环境 ， 减 少 人 类 对 生物 及 其 生存 环境 的 影响 ， 遏 止
地 球 自然 环境 的 恶化 ， 创 造 人 类 与 自然 和 谐 相 处 的 美好 未 来 。

WwWF 于 1980 年 在 中 国 开 展 大 熊猫 及 其 栖息 地 的 保护 工作 ， 并 于 1996 年 正式 成 立 北 京 办 事 处 。

Unit 3

At age 50, she found herself out of work and stuck at home with only her computer
to keep her company. 50 Ht, ##ARWECAWT, BERS, RABMAH.

此 句 结构 为 “find + 宾语 + Hh”, out of work 和 stuck at home 是 句子 的 宾语 补足 语 ， 说 明 宾 语
herself 的 处 境 。with only her computer to keep her company 是 “with + 名 词 + to do” 结 构 ， 在 句 中 做
stuck 的 伴随 状语 。

93
-— Appendices — 一

94

find oneself ... 不 知 不 觉 间 发 现 自 己 …… 。 如 ;

| walked and walked along the street, and about 30 minutes later, | found myself at the school gate.
我 在 街 上 走 啊 走 啊 ， 大 约 半 小 时 之 后 我 发 现 自己 来 到 了 学 校 大 门

When she woke up, she found herself lying in a hospital bed. 当 她 醒 来 的 时 候 ， 她 发 现 自己 躺 在 一
家 医院 的 病床 上 。

【 思考 】 你 能 再 举 出 几 个 “find + 宾语 + 宾 补 ”的 例句 吗 ?

She realised that one of the greatest benefits of the Internet was its ability to
remove the distance that usually exists between people. 她 意识 到 互联 网 的 最 大 好 处 之 一
就 是 能 够 消除 通常 存在 于 人 和 人 之 间 的 距离 感 。

一 个 复合 句 ，realised 之 后 由 that 引 导 了 一 个 宾语 从 名 ， 宾 语 从 名 中 one of the greatest
benefits of the Internet 是 主语 ，its abilty 是 表 语 ， 被 动词 不 定式 短语 to remove the distance that usually
exists between people 所 修饰 ， 动 词 不 定式 短语 中 又 包含 了 由 that 引起 的 定语 从 句 ， 修 饰 the distance.

【 思考 】 你 能 在 本 单元 中 找 出 更 多 从 句 中 包含 从 句 的 例句 吗 ?

She was so inspired by the people she met online that she decided to start an IT
club to teach older people how to use computers and the Internet. 她 受到 网 友 的 启发 ，
决定 成 立 一 个 IT 俱乐部 来 教 年 长 一 些 的 人 们 学 习 使 用 电脑 和 互联 网 。

句 中 的 she met online 是 一 个 省 略 了 关系 代词 的 定语 从 句 ， 修 饰 前 面 的 名 词 the people.

so... that … 如 此 …… 以 至 于 ……。 WM:
She was so worried about the safety of her son that she couldn't fall asleep the whole night. 她 如 此
担心 儿子 安危 以 至 于 整 宿 没 睡 着 觉 。

She believes that it is highly important to bridge the digital divide and make sure
that everyone has access to the Internet and knows how to use new technology. 她 认
为 ， 消 除数 字 鸿 沟 、 确 保 每 人 都 能 使 用 互联 网 并 且 知 晓 如何 运 用 新 技术 ， 是 非常 重要 的 。

本 句 中 的 bridge、divide 和 access 既 可 以 用 作 名 词 又 可 以 用 作 动 词 。bridge 一 般 用 作 名 词 ， 本 句 中
fai, BES “RMR. TAR (WB).

Cultural exchanges are building bridges between different areas and countries. 文化 交流 正在 不 同 地
区 和 国家 之 间 建 立 纽带 。( 用 作 名 词 )

She is trying her best to bridge the generation gap with her mother 她 在 努力 消除 和 妈妈 之 间 的 代
沟 。( 用 作 动词 )

divide 多 用 作 动 词 ， 此 处 用 作 名 词 ， 意 思 是 “差异 ; 分 歧 ”。 如 :
There is clear divide between the two countries on that issue. 在 那个 问题 上 两 个 国家 存在 明显 的 分 歧 。

access 在 句 中 作 名 词 ， 意 思 是 “( 使 用 的 ) 机 会 或 权利 "” MM:
People in big cities usually a better access to good resources. 大 城市 的 人 们 通常 有 更 多 机 会
使 用 好 的 资源 。

A cyberbully uses the Internet to be mean to others. 网 络 恶 震 使 用 互联 网 来 欺负 别人 。

mean 此 处 为 形容 词 ， 意 思 是 “刻薄 的 ; BRAN". MM:
Don’t be so mean to him! 不 要 对 他 那么 刻薄
It is mean of you not to invite her to your birthday party! 你 真 够 小 气 的 ， 生 日 聚会 没 邀 请 她 |

一 一 Notes

Unit 4

They use the same flag, known as the Union Jack, as well as share the same currency
and military defence. 像 拥 有 同样 的 货币 和 国防 一 样 ， 他 们 也 使 用 同一 面 国 旗 。

the Union Jack 英国 国旗 ， 由 英格兰 、 苏 格 兰 和 爱尔兰 的 旗帜 组 成 。known as the Union Jack, 过 去 分
词 短语 作 后 置 定语 ， 修 饰 前 面 的 名 词 fag， 相 当 于 非 限 制 性 定语 从 句 whichis known as the Union Jack, #0:
Yang Liwei, known as the first Chinese astronaut to go into space, is regarded as an astronautic
hero. = Yang Liwei, who is known as the first Chinese astronaut to go into space, is regarded as an
astronautic hero. 作为 第 一 个 进入 太空 的 中 国 宇航 员 , 杨利伟 被 称 为 航天 英雄 。
单个 的 过 去 分 词 一 般 用 作 前 置 定 语 。 如 :
He became one of the well-known actors of his day. 他 成 为 那个 时 代 著 名 的 演员 之 一 。
currency 货币 。 英 国 的 货币 是 英镑 ( pound )， 符 号 是 和 。 如 :
You will need some local currency when going abroad, and of course you can also use your credit
Card. 出 国 时 你 需要 准备 一 些 当 地 的 货币 ， 当 然 你 也 可 以 使 用 信用 卡 。
[ 思考 1. 你 知道 如 何 用 英语 表达 我 国 的 人 民 币 和 其 他 国家 的 货币 单位 吗 ?
2. 你 能 想 出 更 多 的 过 去 分 词 作 前 置 和 后 置 定语 的 例子 吗 ?

the Romans 古 罗 马 人

公元 前 8 世纪 ， 古 罗马 人 建立 了 强大 的 中 央 集权 国家 。 公 元 前 58 年 以 后 的 几 年 间 ， 罗 马 统帅 恺 撤 率
领 大 军 征服 了 外 高 卢 (AB. ANS) 后 ， 又 占领 了 不 列 苏 岛 北部 。 此 后 ， 古 罗马 的 文明 传 入 了 不
FF

the Anglo-Saxons &#88—itsa ih A

欧洲 古代 日 耳 曼 人 的 一 支 。 由 矢 格 鲁 和 撒克逊 人 融合 而 成 。 公 元 9 世纪 ， 西 撒克逊 国 打败 诸 国 ， 建
立 统一 的 英格兰 王国 。 此 后 ， 不 列 颠 岛 上 的 部 落 逐 渐 发 生 融 合 ， 形 成 盎格鲁 一 撤 克 逊 人 ， 成 为 后 来 英 格
兰 人 的 主要 部 族 。

the Vikings 北欧 海盗

维 京 人 ， 斯 堪 的 纳 维 亚 人 的 一 支 。 大 约 8 世纪 入 侵 不 列 颠 ， 来 自 北欧 的 挪威 和 有 丹麦 。

the Normans i434

诺 曼 人 来 自 欧 洲 西北 部 ，1066 年 诺曼底 公事 威廉 入 侵 英国 并 实现 了 诺 曼 王朝 对 英国 的 统治 。

The peaceful landscape of the “Emerald Isle” and its many green counties is a true
feast for the eyes, with its rolling green hills dotted with sheep and cattle. “#4 (=
RE) 岛 ” 风光 宁静 秀美 ， 郡 县 草木 葱 范 , SUERK, YARED, 堪 称 一 场 名 副 其 实 的 视觉 盛宴 。

afeast for the eyes UBRS, RIM AWB. w:

We went to a painting exhibition yesterday, which was really a feast for the eyes. 我 们 昨天 去 看 画展 ，
那 真是 一 场 视 觉 盛宴 。

Unit 5

Henry Wadsworth Longfellow }#il - 沃 兹 沃 斯 朗 费 罗 (1807-1882)

享 利 ' 沃 效 沃 斯 朗 费 罗 是 美国 诗人 。 曾 就 读 于 博多 因 学院 。1836 年 开始 在 哈佛 大 学 任教 ， 致 力 于
评介 欧洲 浪漫 主义 文学 ， 成 为 新 英格兰 文化 中 心 的 重要 人 物 。 主 要 作品 包括 《 伊 凡 吉 林 》《 海 华沙 之 歌 》
和 《 迈 尔 斯 斯 坦 狄 什 的 求婚 》 三 首 叙事 长 诗 。

95
——— Appendices — 一

96

2 Different types of music 不 同类 型 的 音乐

根据 体裁 类 型 不 同 ， 常 见 的 音乐 可 分 为 古典 音乐 ( classical music )、 流 行乐 ( pop music), HR
乐 ( rock music ) 等 。

classical music 古典 音乐 ， 泛 指 过 去 时 代 具 有 典范 意义 或 代表 性 的 音乐 ( 不 包括 民间 音乐 )。 有 时
专 指 欧洲 19 世纪 初 以 前 的 专业 音乐 创作 。

pop (popular) music 流 行 音乐 是 相对 于 严肃 音乐 、 古 典 音乐 而 言 的 一 种 结构 短小 、 内 容 通 俗 、 形
式 活泼， 并 受 大众 喜 爱 的 歌曲 。 其 题材 大 多 取 自 现实 生活 ， 表 现 手 法 自由 ， 旋 律 易 记 易 唱 ， 节 奏 强 灵
清晰 。

country music 乡村 音乐 有 时 被 称 为 ( 美国 的 ) 乡村 与 西部 音乐 ， 是 一 种 美国 流行 音乐 ， 常 与 美国
的 乡村 文化 、 南 方 地 区 联系 在 一 起 ， 兼 具 英国 民间 音乐 、 美 国 南方 乡村 的 布鲁斯 、19 世 纪 晚 期 的 流行 音
乐 和 宗教 音乐 等 元 素 。

jazz 事 士 乐 是 一 种 流行 音乐 ，19 世 纪 后 期 起 源 于 美国 ， 融 合 了 美国 黑人 音乐 、 布 鲁 斯 、 欧 洲 曲 调 及
传统 和 声 等 而 逐步 发 展 起 来 。 即 兴 演 奏 是 事 士 乐 的 关键 元 素 之 一 。

rock music 摇 滚 乐 是 发 源 于 20 世 纪 50 年 代 的 美国 通俗 音乐 形式 ， 由 美国 黑人 音乐 、 美 国 乡村 音乐
和 西方 古典 音乐 发 展 而 来 。

hip-hop music 嘻哈 乐 是 综合 说 唱 乐 、 涂 鸦 、 街 舞 等 当今 流行 元 素 而 创作 的 一 种 音乐 。

Moved by this music, he said, “It was like seeing color for the first time.” 他 被 这 段 音
乐 打动 了 ， 他 说 :“ 那 种 〈 兴 奋 的 ) 感觉 就 如 同 是 第 一 次 看 见 色彩 一 样 。

moved by this music 是 过 去 分 词 短语 ， 在 句 中 作 状语 ， 用 于 说 明 原 因 ， 相 当 于 As Eric was moved
by this music， 它 对 主 句 动作 起 到 修饰 作用 ， 表 明 主语 是 在 被 音乐 打动 后 发 出 了 感慨 。
【 思考 】 文中 还 有 哪些 句子 使 用 了 动词 过 去 分 词 作 状语 ?

He graduated from university in 1995, and then received a master’s degree in
musical composition from the Juilliard School in New York in 1997. {1995 年 大 学 毕业 ，
随后 于 1997 年 获 纽约 茱 莉 亚 音 乐 学 院 音乐 创作 硕士 学 位 。

Juilliard School 茉莉 亚 音乐 学 院 ， 建 于 1905 年 ， 原 名 为 音乐 艺术 学 院 ， 是 美国 一 所 培养 音乐 艺术 人
才 的 高 等 学 府 。

Whitacre’s next effort was the Virtual Youth Choir for UNICEF, which was first seen
on stage on 23 July 2014 in the UK. 惠 塔 克 的 第 二 个 壮举 是 打造 联合 国 儿童 基金 会 “虚拟 青年 合
唱 团 ”， 该 团 于 2014 年 7 月 23 日 在 英国 首次 登台 演出 。

UNICEF 全 称 为 United Nations International Children’s Emergency Fund( 联合 国 儿童 基金 会 ) m
立 于 1946 年 12 月 ， 总 部 在 纽约 ， 骨 在 为 二 战 中 遭受 严重 破坏 的 国家 儿童 提供 紧急 的 食物 和 医疗 救援 。
1950 年 其 职责 延伸 至 关注 和 解决 发 展 中 国家 妇女 和 儿童 面临 的 长 期 问题 ，1953 年 成 为 联合 国 常设 机 构
之 一 ， 并 将 名 称 中 的 international 和 emergency 两 个 单词 去 掉 ， 从 而 简化 为 United Nations Children’s
Fund, 但 仍 保留 了 原 首 字母 缩写 形式 。

Notes —

Altogether, 2,292 young people from 80 countries joined in to sing Whitacre’s song
“What If”. 总 共有 来 自 80 个 国家 的 2,292 名 青年 参与 演唱 韦 塔 克 的 歌曲 《假如 》。

altogether 总 共 ， 共 计 。 如 :
Altogether there are 360 artists coming to the World Music Festival. 总 共有 360 位 艺术 家 来 到 了 这 届
世界 音乐 节 。

join in (sth/doing sth) 或 join in (with sb/sth) 参加 ， 加 入 ( 活动 )。 如 ;
He wanted his son to join in with the other children. 他 希望 儿子 能 和 别 的 孩子 一 块 儿 玩 。

It’s an honour to be here and to share with you the story of how music has had an
impact on my life. 非常 荣幸 来 到 这 里 与 大 家 分 享 音乐 是 如 何 影响 了 我 的 人 生 的 。

impact 作用 ， 影 响 。 一 般 与 on 搭配 。 如 ，
The climate change is having a great impact on the environment. 气候 变化 正在 给 环境 带 来 巨大 影响 。

It spoke words of encouragement to the deepest part of my being. © (音乐 ) 使 我 的 内
心 深 受 鼓舞 。

being 在 这 里 指 “ 身 心 ， 思 想 感情 " a:

The woman loved her dancing career with her whole being. 那个 女子 全 身心 地 热爱 着 自己 的 舞 路
事业 。

The whole of his being had been taken over by fear. 他 的 身心 充满 恐惧 。

rhetorical devices 修辞 手法

simile FANT: 比喻 的 一 种 。 用 like 或 者 as 将 某 物 与 另 一 物 作 比较 。 如 :
Her eyes twinkled like stars. 她 的 眼睛 像 星星 一 样 一 既 一 妈 的 。

metaphor 隐 喻 : 比喻 的 一 种 。 其 本 体 和 喻 体 的 关系 ， 比 明 喻 更 为 紧密 。 明 喻 在 形式 上 只 是 相 类 关
系 ， 隐 喻 在 形式 上 却 是 相合 的 关系 。 如 ;

All the world’s a stage. 一 Shakespeare

整个 世界 就 是 一 座 舞 合 。 莎士比亚

quote 引用 : 话语 或 文章 中 运用 现成 的 语句 或 典故 来 表达 意思 ， 一 般 在 所 引用 的 原文 部 分 用 双 引 号
来 标示 。 如 :

As an old saying goes, “A friend in need is a friend indeed.” 正 如 一 句 俗语 所 言 :“ 患 难 朋友 才 是 真
ABA.”

personification WA; 把 事物 进行 人 格 化 。 如 :

A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on his shoes， 一 Mark Twain
当真 理 刚 刚 穿 上 鞋子 ， 谎 言 就 已 经 走 了 半 个 世界 。 一 一 马克 吐 温

【思考 】 你 能 用 明 喻 、 隐 喻 和 拟人 各 写 一 个 英文 句子 吗 ?

97
—— Appendices

98

Grammar 语法

| Restrictive Relative Clauses 限制 性 定语 从 句 (3)

第 一 册 介绍 了 定语 从 句 的 定义 、 功 能 关系 代词 和 关系 副词 的 种 类 和
根据 定语 从 名 与 先行 词 的 关系 紧密 程度 不 同 ， 可 将 定语 从 句 分 为 限 骨

法 以 及 “介词 + 关系 代词 "的 用 法 。
性 定语 从 句 和 非 限 制 性 定语 从 句 。

一 般 说 来 ， 限 制 性 定语 从 句 在 意义 上 是 先行 词 不 可 缺少 的 定语 ， 如 果 省 略 ， 所 修饰 的 先行 词 往往 不 明确 ，
这 种 定语 从 名 前面 一 般 不 用 喜 号 ; 而 非 限制 性 定语 从 名 往往 是 对 先行 词 的 附加 说 明 , 为 先行 词 提供 补充 信息 ，

即使 去 掉 ， 也 不 会 影响 先行 词 的 明确 性 ， 它 与 主 句 之 间 通 常
We knew the scientist who had studied the problem. 我 们 了 解 蛋

名 去掉 ， 则 不 明白 是 哪 位 科学 家 )

We knew the physical scientist Hawkins, who had stud
究 过 该 问题 。 ( 若 把 从 名 去掉 ， 仍 然 知道 是 哪 位 科学 家 )
的 册 次 详细 介绍 ， 本 册 进 一 步 介 绍 有 关 限 制 性 定语 从 句 的 知识 。

th

非 限制 性 定语 从 句 会 在 后 面

1 在 much 或 all 后 用 that， 不

That is all that works.

2 关系 代词 作 动词 的 间接 宾语 时 ，

上

to 或 for。 例 如 :

V Who is the girl that he gave the flower to?
x Who is the girl that he gave the flower?

无 关系 代词 时 ， 也 要

to 或

Oro

例如 :

The lady | wrote the poem for was my sister.

3 正式 英语 中 ， 介 词 可 置 于 从 句 之 首 ，whom X which 之 前 。 例 如 :
‘© whom our teacher was referring.

This is the great writer

He asked a question to which there was no answer.
注意 ， 介 词 不 可 置 于 who that 之 前 。

Sha

o MO:

个 研究 过 该 问题 的 科学 家 。 ( 若 把 从

ied the problem. 我 们 了 解 物理 科学 家 霍金 斯 ，

which ， 作 定语 从 句 的 宾语 时 可 以 省 略 。 例 如 :

There was not much (that) we could do when it was raining.

4 定语 从 句 的 谓语 如 果 是 以 介词 结尾 的 短语 动词 ， 则 不 可 把 介词 移 至 从 句 之 首 。 例 如 :
He received the email he was looking forward to.

Il The Passive Voice 被 动 语 态

大 家 在 初中 阶段 已 经 学 习 了 被 动 语 态 的 构成 和 用 法 、 一 般 现在 时 、 一 般 过 去 时 以 及 含有 情态 动词 的 被
动 语 态 ， 本 册 继 续 学 习 有 关 被 动 语 态 的 知识 。

1 现在 进行 时 的 被 动 语 态 the present continuous passive voice ) 的 构成 ( 以 动词 ask 为 例 )

肯定 式
| am
He/She/It is 5
We are being
You are asked ...
They are

Bet
lam
He/She/It is not
We are being
You are asked ...
They are

疑问 式
Am |
Is he/she/it if
Are we being
Are you asked ...?
Are they
- Grammar —

2 现在 完成 时 的 被 动 语 态 ( the present perfect passive voice ) 的 构成 ( 以 动词 ask 为 例 )

肯定 式 否定 式 疑问 式
| have
| have Have |
Hard it has He/She/It has not Has he/she/it
“ 8 ae been We have been Have we pace 2
ee i asked ... You have asked... Have you eae
ey have They have Have they

3 短语 动词 的 被 动 语 态

短语 动词 是 一 种 固定 的 词组 ， 由 “动词 + 副词 ”或 "动词 + 副词 + 介词 ”构成 ， 其 作用 相当 于 一 个 动词 。

“及 物 动词 + 副词 ”“ 及 物 动词 + 介词 "以 及 “及 物 动 词 + 副 词 + 介词 "构成 的 短语 动词 可 用 于 被 动 结构 。

例如 :

At last they put out the fire. 一 At last the fire was put out.

Have you sent for a doctor? — Has the doctor been sent for?

My classmates caught up with me in this exam. — | was caught up with by my classmates in this exam.

许多 “不 及 物 动词 + 介词 ”以 及 “不 及 物 动 词 + 副词 + 介词 ”构成 的 短语 动词 相当 于 及 物 动词 ， 也 可
以 有 宾语 ， 也 可 用 于 被 动 结构 。 例 如

The boys laughed at him for the foolish mistake. 一 He was laughed at for the foolish mistake.

They looked down on peasants in the old days. 一 Peasants were looked down on in the old days.
注意 : 短语 动词 是 一 个 不 可 分 割 的 整体 ， 在 变 为 被 动 语 态 时 ， 不 可 丢掉 构成 短语 动词 的 介词 或 副词 。

4 带 有 双 宾语 的 句子 在 变 为 被 动 结构 时 ， 这 两 个 宾语 的 任何 一 个 都 可 作 被 动 句 的 主语 。 例 如 :

The teacher gave the student a new book. 一

The student was given a new book (by the teacher). 主动 句 的 间接 宾语 成 了 被 动 句 的 主语 ， 直 接 宾语 仍
位 于 动词 之 后 。

A new book was given to the student (by the teacher). 主动 句 的 直接 宾语 成 了 被 动 句 的 主语 ， 间 接 宾语
可 位 于 to 或 for 之 后 。

5 带 有 复合 宾语 的 句子 变 为 被 动 结构 时 ， 宾 语 补 足 语 要 相应 变 为 主语 补足 语 。 例 如 :
Everybody called her Big Sister. 一 She was called Big Sister (by everybody).
People last saw the lost girl playing near the river. > The lost girl was last seen playing near the river.
要 注意 ， 主 动 语 态 中 作 宾 语 补足 语 的 不 带 to 的 不 定式 ， 在 变 为 被 动 语 态 时 必须 带 to。 例 如 :
The engineer made the robot clean the windows of the tall building. 一
The robot was made to clean the windows of the tall building.

lll Past Participles 过 去 分 词 (1) (2)

非 谓 语 动词 主要 指 动词 不 定式 (Infinitives ) 、 动 词 -ing 形式 (The -ing form) 和 过 去 分 词 ( Past
participles ) 三 种 动词 形式 。 初 中 阶段 已 介绍 过 动词 不 定式 和 -ing 形式 的 部 分 用 法 。 高 中 阶段 除了 继续 介绍
这 两 种 非 谓语 动词 形式 的 用 法 ， 还 要 介绍 动词 的 过 去 分 词 的 用 法 。

规则 动词 的 过 去 分 词 由 动词 原形 加 -ed 构成 。 不 规则 动词 的 过 去 分 词 没有 统一 的 构成 规则 。 过 去 分 词
一 般 表示 完成 的 和 被 动 的 动作 。 过 去 分 词 在 句子 中 一 般 可 以 用 作 定语 (the attribute) 、 宾 语 补足 语 ( the
object complement ) 、 表 语 ( the predicative ) 和 状语 ( the adverbial) ， 但 不 能 单独 构成 谓语 。

99
-—— Appendices

用 法

定语

过 去 分 词 如 果 单 用 ， 一 般 放 在
名 词 的 前 面 ; 如 果 是 分 词 短
语 ， 一 般 放 在 名 词 的 后 面 。

宾语 补足 语

100

例句
Before the show, hundreds of excited visitors waited in their seats
eagerly.

The Normans ruled England after the well-known Battle of Hastings
in the 11th century.

... and the oldest castle built by the Norman rulers in Windsor nearby.
Come and read the poem written by an eight-year-old boy!

| felt myself often confused at first.
She had her painting boxed so it was delivered safely.
We found ourselves shocked by the large number of visitors.

| never thought | was talented at anything to do with music.

The audience were amazed by the beautiful music the six-year-old
pianist played.

My cousin is very interested in painting.

Born in the USA on 2 January 1970, Whitacre began studying music
at the University of Nevada in 1988.

Moved by this music, he said, “It was like seeing color for the first
time.”

Well known as a successful band, the Impact members show quite a
few striking abilities.
Words and Expressions in Each Unit

Words and Expressions in Each Unit
各 单元 生词 和 习惯 用 语

是 Unit 1

heritage /‘heritid3/ n. 遗产 ( 指 国家 或 社会 长 期 形成
的 历史 、 传 统 和 特色 )

creatively /kri:'ertrvli/

ady. 创造 性 地 ;有 创造 力 地

creative /kri'ertrv/

adj. 创造 性 的 ; 有 创造 力 的 ; 有 创意 的
temple /templ/ n. is 寺
relic /relrky/ n. 遗物 ; 遗迹
mount /maunt/ n. 山峰

vt. MRE; FE
vi. M@; BE
former /‘fo:ma(r)/

adj. 以 前 的 ; ( 两 者 中 ) 前 者 的
clue /klu:/ n. &#R; 提示
preserve /pri'zarv/ vt. 保存 ; 保护 ; 维持
n. 保护 区
promote /pra'mout/
vt. eit; 提升 ; 推销 ; BR
cypress /'sarpras/ n. 柏树
app /ep/n. 应 用 程序 ; 应 用 软件
(application 的 缩 略 形式 )
application /eplrkerfn/ n. 申请 ( 表 ); FAR;
运用 ; 应 用 ( 程序)
take part in 5 (RS); 参加 ( 某 活动 )
give way to it; HAR
balance /'belons/ n. ¥#; 均匀
vt. 使 平衡
keep balance 保持 平衡
lead to 导致
dam /dem/ n. 水 坝 ; 拦 河 坝
proposal /pro'pouzl/ n. #2; BX
make a proposal 提出 建议
protest /'proutest/ n. 抗议
/pro'test/ vi. & vt.(
likely /larkli/ adj. 可 能 的
adv. 可 能 地

) 反对 ; 抗议

黑体 部 分 为 课 标 词 和 短语 ; 白 体 部 分 为 非 课 标 词 ; 专 有 名 词 在 每 单元 词 表 后 面 单 独 列 出 。

committee /ka'miti/ n. 委员 会
establish /i'steblif/ vr. 建立 ; 创立
limit /lmart/ n. BREE; BR!
ve. BR; 限定
prevent /pri'vent/ vr. fait; 阻碍 ; 阻挠
prevent... from... 阻止 ， 不 准
loss /Ips/n. A; RA
contribution /kontr1'bju:fn/
nia; 贡献 ;捐赠
contribute /kon'tribju:t/ vi. & vt. 捐献 ; 捐助
department /di'pa:tmont/ n. #8; 司 ; 科
fund /fand/n. 基金 ;专款
within /w1'din/ prep. & adv.
在 ( 某 段 时 间 、 距 离 或 范围 ) 之 内
investigate /in'vestigeit/ vi. & vt. 调查 ; 研究
issue /'1fu:; BrE also Tsju: /n. 重要 议题 ; 争论 的 问题
vt. 宣布 ; 公布
conduct /‘kondakt/n. 7A; 举止 ;管理 方法
/kon'dakt/ vt. 组 织 ; RHE; 带领
document /dpkjumant/
n. 文件 ; 公文 ; ( 计算 机 ) 文档
vt. 记录 ; 记载 ( 详情 )
donate /dou'nert/
vt. ( LAS ARB UY ) 捐赠 ; 赠送 ; 献 ( 血 )
donate .… to .… 向 …… 捐 赠 ……
disappear /,diso'pra(r)/ vi. 消失 ; 灭绝 ;消亡
attempt /atempt/ n.& vt. 企图 ; 试图 ; 尝试
make sure 确保 ; 设法 保证
worthwhile /ws:(D)69'warl/
adj. 值得 做 的 ; 值得 花 时 间 的
download /,daun'loud/ vr. 下 载
n. PR; 已 下 载 的 数据 资料
republic /r'pablik/ n. 共和 国
professional /pro'fefanl/
adj. 专业 的 ; 职业 的
由 专业 人 员 ; 职业 选手

101

Appendices = >

102

archaeologist /,a:ki'pladsist/ n. 考古 学 家
entrance /‘entrans/n. AQ; 进入
pyramid /'prromid/ n. (SiR) 金字 塔 ; 棱锥 体
process /preuses/ 7. 过 程 ; 进程 ; 步骤
/pro'ses/ vt. 处理; 加 工
overseas /euva(T)'si'z/ adj. 海外 的
adv. 在 海外

exit /‘eksit/n. 出 口 ; 通道

vi. & vt. HE; BH
sheet /fi:t/n. 一 张 (40) ; 床单 ; 被 单
parade /po'reid/ n. 游行 ;检阅

vi. 游行 庆祝 ; 游行 示威

mirror /marre/ n. 镜子
roof /ru:f' n. 顶部 ; 屋顶
chiwen /'tfawon/ 攀 吻
dragon /‘draegan/ 7. 龙
forgive /fo'giv/

vt. & vi. ( forgave, forgiven) Rig; HR

vt. 对 不 起 ;， 请 原谅
digital /‘didsitl/ adj. 数码 的 ; 数字 显示 的
image /mrd3/ 7 ZR; OR
cave /kerv/ n. 山洞 ; 洞穴
throughout /Oru:'aut/ prep. &4b; 遍及 ;
quality /‘kwoloti/

由 . 质量 ; 品质 ; 素质 ; 特征

adj. 优质 的 ; 高 质量 的
all over the world 在 世界 各 地
tradition /tro'difn/

n. 传统 ; 传统 的 信仰 或 风俗
further /fs:5s(r)/ adv. ( far 的 比较 级 ) 更 远 ; 进一步
historic /hrstorIk/

adj. 历史 上 著名 (RBZ) A; 有史 时 期 的
opinion /aprmjsn/ 7. BA; 想法 ;看 法
quote /kwout/ vt. 引
paraphrase /‘perofrerz/

n., vi. & vt.( 用 更 容易 理解 的 文字 ) 解释
comparison /kom'perisn/ n. 比较 ; 相 比
contrast /‘kontra:st/ 7. 对 比 ; 对 照

/kan'tra:st/ vt. 对 比 ; WR
identify /ardentrfar vr. 确认 ; 认 出 ; 找到
forever /for'eva(r)/ adv. 永远 ; 长 久 地

自始至终

Aswan /aswpn/ Dam 阿 斯 旺 大 坝

the Nile /‘narl/ 尼罗河

Egypt /‘i:dgipt/ 埃及 ( 国家 名 )
Egyptian /idsIipfn/ adj. 埃及 的

UNESCO /ju:'neskau/ abbr. United Nations
Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization
联合 国教 科 文 组 织

Cairo /karerou/ 开罗 ( 埃及 首都 )

Tanzania /tanze'mi'e/ 坦桑尼亚 ( 国家 名 )

the Kremlin /kremlrmny 克里姆林 ( B )

Moscow /mpskeu/ 莫斯科 ( 俄罗斯 首都 )

Saint Basil's Cathedral /'sont bezlz ko'@i:dral/

圣 瓦 希 里 大 教堂
the Forbidden /fo'bidn/ City 紫禁城
Los Angeles /lps 'endgoli:z/ 洛杉矶 ( 美国 城市 )

且 Unit 2

poster /'pousta(r)/ n. 海报
illegal /r'li:gl/ adj. 不 合法 的 ; 非法 的
illegally /1'li:gali/ adv. 不 合法 地 ;， 非法 地
hunt /hant/ vt. & vi. 打猎 ; 搜寻 ; 追捕
hunter /‘hanto/ n. 猎人
immediately /1'mizdiotli/ adv. 立刻
species /'spi:fi:z/ n. 物种
shark /fa:k/n. @&
fin /fin/ n. ( 鱼 的 ) 鱼
on earth ( 放 在 疑问 词 之 后 表示 强调 ) RB; 到 底
die out Rt; 逐渐 消失
alarming /o'la:mmy/ adj. 惊人 的 ; EARS
alarm /o'la:m/ vt. 使 惊恐 ;使 害怕 ; 使 担心
nti; BR; 警报 器
rate /reit/n.#E; (tt) 率
vt. 划分 等 级
rating /rertm/7m. 等 级 ;级别
extinct /Mk'stmkt/ adj. 已 灭绝 的
extinction /tk'stmkfn/ n. 灭绝
mass /mes/ adj. 大 量 的 ; 广泛 的
nA; 堆 ; 群
habitat hebitet/n. ( 动 植物 的 ) 生活 环境 ; 栖息 地
aware /3'wea(T)/ adj. 知道 ; Rist; Ae IRN
aware of 意识 到 ;知道
endanger /in'deind3a(r)/ vt. 使 遭受 危险 ; 危害
average /‘evorid3/ n. F498; 平均 水 平
adj. 平均 的 ; 正常 的 ; 普通 的
on average 平均
prince /prins/n. 王子; 王孙 ;亲王
make progress 取得 进步
concern /ksn'ssin/ vt. HR; ib FB
concerned /kon'ss:nd/ adj. 担心 的 ; 关切 的
concerned about 对 …… 关 切 的 ; 为 …… 担 忧 的

living /‘livin/ adj. 居住 的 ; 活 的 ; 在 用 的
n. AWA; 生计
adapt /o'dept/ 以 .适应
vt. 使 适应 ; 使 适合
adapt to 适应
measure /'me3a(r)/ 1. Haiti; 方法
vt. 测量; 度量 ; 估量
authority /2"6preti/ n. 官方 ; 当权 ; 权威
pressure /'prefo(r)/ n. BA; BR
under pressure 在 压力 下 ; 承受 压力
whale /well/ n. 8
antelope /‘entiloup/n.#; 羚 类 动物
Tibetan antelope 藏 羚羊
reserve /ri'zs:v/ n. ( 动 植物 ) 保护 区 ; 储藏 ( 量 )
vt. 预订 ; 预 留 ; 保留
plain /plein/ n. #R
adj. 简单 明了 的 ; 直率 的 ; 平凡 的
make out 看 清 ; 听 清 ; 分 清
herd /ha:d/ n. 牧 群 ;， SBE
observe /sb'zs:v/ vr. 观察 ( 到 ) ; 注视 ;遵守
beauty /‘bju:ti/n.%; 美人 ;美好 的 东西
remind /ri'maind/ we. 提醒 ;使 想起
remind sb of sb/sth
使 某 人 想起 ( 类 似 的 人 或 物 )
fur /fa:/ n. E (RR); 毛皮 衣服
sacred /'serkrid/ adj. 神圣 的 ; 受 尊 敬 的
shoot /fu:t/
vt. & vi. (shot, shot) S28; 射 伤 ; BH
profit /‘profit/ n. 利润 ;利益
watch over 保护 ; RE; 监督
day and night 日 日 夜 夜 ; 夜以继日
attack /o'tek/ n., vi. & vt. 攻击 ; FR
effective /i'fektiv/ adj. 有 效 的 ; 生效 的
recover /ri'kava(r)/ vi. RE; 康复
vt. KE; FE
remove /ri'mu:v/ vt. KR; BA; 脱 去
intend /in'tend/ vi. & vt. 打算 ; 计划; BE
threat /Oret/ n. 威胁
threaten /6retn/ vr. 威胁 ; 危及
exist /ig'zist/ vi. FE; 生存
harmony /‘ha:moani/ n. 和 谐 ; 融洽
goods /gudz/n. am; 货物
creature /'kri:tfa(r)/n. 生物 ; 动物
deer /dro(r)/ n.
kangaroo /,kengo'ru:/ n. 袋鼠
reduce /ri'dju:s/ vt. 减少
due /dju:/ adj. HF; AX
due to HF; AA

一 一 Words and Expressions in Each Unit

insect /‘insekt/ n. 昆虫
net /net/ 7. = Internet; 网
adj. 净 得 的 ; 纯 的

neighbourhood /nerbshud/

妹 . 临近 的 地 方 ; 街区
binoculars /brnpkjslsz/ n. 双 简 望远镜
bird field guide 鸟 类 图 鉴
Search for 搜索 ; 查找
dolphin /‘dolfin/ n. 海豚

Yangtze River dolphin 8% &
koala /kau'a:lo/ n. HAR; AHL
Stir /sts:/ vt. 激发 ;搅动

stir up 激 起
emotion /maufn/ n. 感情 ; HR;
skin /skin/n. &; 皮肤
unusual /an'ju:zuol/ adj. 特别 的 ; 不 寻常 的

Tibetan /trbetn/
adj. 西藏 的 ; RUB; 藏族 ( 人 ) 的
n. 西藏 人 ; 藏族 人 ; 藏 语
Tibet /trbet/ n. 西藏

且 Unit 3

blog /blpg/ n. 博客
vi. 写 博客
blog post 博文 ; 博客 帖子
blogger /bloga(r)/ n. BEVEH; BE
engine /‘end3in/ n. 引擎 ;发 动机 ;火车头
search engine ( 互联 网 上 的 ) 搜索 引擎
chat /tfet/ vi. 聊天 ; 闲聊
stream /stri:m/
vt. 7d ( 不 用 下 载 直接 在 互联 网 上 播放 音 视 频 ) ; 流出
vi. 流动
nT; 溪流
identity /ardenteti/ n. 身份 ; 个 性
identity card 身份 证
convenient /kon'vi:niont/ adj. 方便 的 ; 近 便 的
cash /kef/n. 现金 ; 金钱
update /,ap'dert/ vt. 更 新 ;向 …… 提 供 最 新 信息
n. 更 新 ; 最 新 消息
database /dertebers/ n. KE; 资料 库
software /spftwes(r)/ n. BE
network /netws:(r)K/
n. (BK) 网 络 ; 网 状 系统 ; 人 际
以 . 将 …… 连 接 成 网 络 ; 联播
了 .建立 工作 关系
stuck /stak/ adj. Ff; 陷 ( 入 ) ; 困 ( 于 )

103

一 一 Appendices Se

104

keep sb company 陪伴 某 人
surf /sa:(r)f/ vt. & vi. 浏览 ; 冲浪
benefit /‘benrfit/ n. 益处
vt. 使 受益
vi. 得 益 于
distance /drstans/ n.
inspire /in'spato(r)/ vt. RH; 激励 ; 启发 思考
now that 既然 ; 由 于
access /'exkses/
nia; (8. Se. RMA) 机 会
vt. 进入 ; 使 用 ; 获取
charity /tfareti/ n. BB; BB+ ( 或 组 织
go through 经 历 ; 度 过 ; 通读
tough /taf/ adj. 艰难 的 ; 严厉 的
province /'provins/ n. @
conference /‘konforons/
naw; 研讨 会 ;正式 会 谈

resident /rezidont/n. BR; ( 美国 的 ) 住院 医生

adj. ( 在 某 地 ) 居住 的

plus /plAs/ conj. 而 且 ; 此 外

7. 加 号 ; 优势

Prep. 加 ; AD
function /fAnkfn/ 7 功能 ;作用 ; 机 能

vi. 起 作用 ; 正常 工作 ; 运转

battery /‘betri/ n. 电池
confirm /kon'fs:(r)m/ vt. 确认 ; 使 确信
Wi-Fi /‘war far 7. 无 线 保 真 (
计算 机 网 络 传输 数据 的 系统 )
press /pres/ vt. 按 ， 压 ; 敦促
button /'batn/ n. 按钮 ; 纽扣
file /farl/ n. 文件 ; 文件 夹 ; 档案

in shape 状况 良好

keep track of 掌握 …… 的 最 新 消息 ;
了 解 …… 的 动态

discount /drskaunt/ n. 折扣

vt. 打折
account /akaunt/ 7. 账户 ; 描述
click /klik/ vt. & vi 点击
privacy /'privasi; NAmE 'praiv-/ n. 隐私 ; 私密
theft /Oecft/ n. fi (Gi); BB
rude /ru:d/ adj. 粗鲁 的 ; 无 礼 的
target /ta:grt/ n. Bim; WR; BF
vt. 把 …… 作 为 攻击 目标
troll /trol; traul/
n. RUMEAF IA; BPM IAF

cyberbully /sarbsbuli/ n. 网 霸

vt. & vi. MER ROR

无 线 电波 而 非 网 线 在

false /fo:ls/ adj. 假 的 ; 错误 的
particular /po'tikjala(r)/

adj. 特定 的 ; 特别 的 ; 讲究 的
embarrassing /rm'baresI/

adj. 让 人 难堪 ( jit; 害羞 ) 的
make fun of RA; 戏弄
upset /ap'set/

adj. (RN; 苦恼 的 ; TARAS

vt. (upset, upset ) 使 烦恼 ;使 生气 ; 搅乱
guideline /‘gaidlain/ n. 准则 ;， 指导 原则
author /'s:00(r)/ n. 作者 ; 作家
tip /trp/ 7. 忠告 ; RB; 实用 的 提示
familiar /fo'milia(r)/ adj. 熟悉 ;熟知
keep [...) in mind 牢记
define /di'fain/ vt. 给 …… 下 定义 ; 界定 ; 解释
case /kers/ 1. 盒 ; 箱 ; 情况 ; 案件

the World Wide Web abbr. WWW
万 维 网 ;环球 信息 网
Jan /d3en/ Tchamani /tfae'maeni/  - 夏 曼 尼
Birmingham /'bs:minom; NAmE 'bs:irminhem/
伯明翰 ( 英国 城市 )

fl Unit 4

Confucius /kan'fju:fas/ .孔子
mansion /‘menfn/n. iB; ES
cemetery /'semotri/ n. 墓地 ; AZ
philosophy /fo'lnsofi/ n. 哲学
descendant /di'sendont/ n. fa; 后 代 ; 子孙
individual /mdrvrd5usl adj. 单独 的 ; 个 别 的
7.. 个 人
heel /hiy n. ZR; ( 脚 、 袜 子 、 鞋 等 的 ) 后 跟
Achilles’ /akali:z/ heel ( 喻 ) (希腊 神话 )
阿 喀 琉 斯 的 脚跟 ， 致 命 的 弱点
kingdom /‘kindom/ n. 王国 ;领域
chief /tfi:f/ adj. 最 重要 的 ;最 高 级 别 的
1.，( 公司 或 机 构 的 ) 首领 ; 酋长
puzzle /pAzl/ n. ik; 智力 游戏 ;疑问
vt. RR; 使 困惑
nearby /nre'bar adj. 附近 的 ; 邻近 的
adv. 在 附近
join .… to... 把 …… 和 ……' 连 接 或 联结 起 来
break away [from sb/sth]
脱离 ; 背叛 ; 逃脱
belong /bi'lpn/ vi. 应 在 ( 某 处 ) ;适应
belong to 属于

— = Words and Expressions in Each Unit 一 一

as well as 同 ( 一 样 也 ) ; 和 ; 还
currency /kaArensi/ n. BR; 货币
military /‘milotri/ adj. 军事 的 ; 军用 的
defence /drfens/ n. 防御 ; 保卫
legal /1i:gU adj. 法 律 的 ; 合法 的
surround /so'raund/ vt. 围绕 ; 包围
evidence /‘evidons/ n. 证据; 证 明
achievement /atfivmaent/

n. 成 就 ; 成 绩 ; 达到
location /lou'kerfn/ n. 地 方 ; 地 点 ; 位 置
conquer /konka(r)/ vt. 占领 ; 征服 ; 控制
battle /bat n. 战役; 搏斗

vi, & vt. 搏斗 ; 奋斗
port /po:t/ n. #0 ( sib )
fascinating /‘fesineitin/ adj. 极 有 吸引 力 的 ; 迷人 的
keep your eyes open [for] 留心 ; 留意
charge /tfa:d3/ n. KE; HI; EB

vt. 收费 ;控告 ; 充电

announce /amauns/ vt. 宣布 ; 通知 ; 声称
amount /smaunt/ n. 金额 ; 数量
gallery /‘gelori/

7?，( 艺术 作品 的 ) 展览 馆 ; 画廊

approach /spreutf/ n. 方法 ; 途径 ， 接 近
vt. Si; 接洽 ;着 手 处 理
vi, 靠近
ensure /in'fuo(r)/ vt. RIE; 确保 ; 担保
landscape /‘lendskeip/

n. (BRE, CISA) 风景
generous /‘dgenoras/

adj. 慷慨 的 ; 大 方 的 ; 丰富 的
butter /‘bato(r)/ n. 黄油 ; 奶油

vt. 涂 黄油 于
honey /‘hani/ n. #2
ancestor /‘ensesta(r)/ n. 祖宗 ; 祖先
position /po'zifn/ n. 位 置 ; 姿态 ;职位
courtyard /ko:tjda:d/ n. HERE; 院子
snack /snek/n. Rib; 小 吃
eager /‘i:go(r)/ adj. 热切 的 ; 渴望 的
poet /psurt/ n. 诗人
county /kaunti/

n. (RE. BREN) 郡 ; ( 美国 的 ) 县
feast /fi:st/n. 盛宴 ; SS; 节日
roll /raul/ vi. & vt. (42) BER;

n.& (9h); BR
dot /dot/n. A; 小 ( 圆 ) 点
cattle /‘ketl/ n. +
roar /rox(r)/ vi. & n. GLOY; npg

( 使 ) 滚动

vt. 加 点 ; 遍布

ocean /sufn/ n. Ais; 海洋
scent /sent/n. 气味 ; 气息
greet /'gri:t/ vr. 问候 ; 迎接
pub /pab/ n. HE; 酒馆
wine /warny/ n. 葡萄 酒 ; 果酒
beer /bra(r)/n. (一 杯 ) 啤酒
stew /stju:/ n. 炖 菜 ( 有 肉 和 蔬菜 )

vt. & vi. tH; HR
custom /'kastom/ n. Mis; 习俗 ;习惯
sensory /'sensori/ adj. 感觉 的 ; 感官 的
striking /'stratkin/ adj. 引 人 注 目的 ; 显著 的
transition /tren'z1fn; -'srfn/

nti; 转变 ; 变迁
crowd /kraud/ n. 人 群 ; 一 群 人 ; 民众
vt. 挤 满 ; Bee Br

Wales /werlz/ 威尔士 ( 英国 )
Scotland/skptland/ 苏格兰 ( 英国 )
Northern Ireland /\no:6n 'areland/

北 爱尔兰 ( 英国 )
Anglo-Saxon /,englou'seksn/ 丛 格 鲁 一 撒克逊 人
Viking /‘varkin/ 7. 维 京 人 ;北欧 海盗
Norman /‘no:mon/ adj. #2; 诺 曼 人 的

the Normans 诺 曼 人
Battle of Hastings /herstmz/ 黑 斯 廷 斯 战役
Roman /rauman/ adj. HF SH; 罗马 的

71. 古 罗 马 人 ; 罗马 市 民

Van Gogh /ven 'gpf/ #S ( 荷兰 画家 )
the Emerald Isle /‘emorald ,arl/

RRA ( 爱尔兰 的 别称 )
Irish /arrrf/ adj. 爱尔兰 的 ; 爱尔兰 人 ( 或 语 ) 的

§ Unit 5

classical /‘klesikl/ adj. 古典 的 ; 经 典 的
hip-hop /‘hiphop/ 7 嘻哈 音乐 ; 嘻哈 文化
techno /'teknou/
n. 泰克 诺 音乐 ( 一 种 节奏 快 、 通 常 无 歌声 相伴 的 音乐 )
energy /‘enod3i/ n. 能 源 ; 能 量 ; 精力
soul /soul/ n. RH; 心灵
bagpipes /'begparps/ n. [pl.] 风笛
stringed /strind/ adj. 有 弦 的
stringed instrument 弦乐器
virtual /'va:tfual/ adj. 很 接近 的 ; 事实 上 的 ; 虚拟 的
virtual choir /kkware(r)/ 虚拟 合唱 团
composition/ kompo'z1fn/
nM; (BR. SR. RA) 作品

105
一 一 Appendices

106

opportunity /pps'tju:nati/ n. 12; HHL
perform /po'fo:(r)m/ vi. & vt. 表演 ; 履行 ; 执行
performance /po'fo:(r)mons/ n. 表演 ; 演技 ; 表现
performer /po'fo:(r)ma(r)/ n. 表演 者 ;演员
onto /pnta/ prep. ( 朝 ) 向
studio /stju:disu/
7 演播 室 ; (SRN) 录音 棚 ; 工作 室
ordinary /‘s:dnri/ adj. BH; 平凡 的
enable /i'nerbl/ vr. 使 能 够 ; 使 可 能
prove /pru:v/ vr. 证 明 ; 展现
award /a'wo:d/ vt. 授予
n. 奖品
composer /kam'pauza(r)/ n. fF
conductor /kon'dakta(r)/ 1.
( 乐队 、 合 唱 团 等 的 ) 指挥 ; (4
fall in love with 爱 上
original /o'ridgonl/ adj. 原来 的 ; 独创 的 ; 原作 的
n. 原件 ; 原作
phenomenon/fo'npminon/
( pl. phenomena /-Ina/ ) 1. RR
stage /sterd3/n. ( 发 展 或 进展 的 ) 时 期 ; 阶段 ;
( 多 指 剧场 中 的 ) 舞台
altogether /,9:Ita'geda(r)/
adv. ( 用 以 强调 ) 全 部 ; BH
thus /5As/ adv. 如 此 ; 因此
band /bend/ n. RBA; 带子
rap /rep/n. Ra; GBB
vi. & vt. MR; ( 说 唱歌 中 的 ) SA
nowadays /nausderz/ adv. 现在 ; 目前
gradual /‘graedzuol/ adj. 逐渐 的 ; 渐进 的
capable /kerpsbl/ adj. 有 能 力 的 ， 有 才能 的
relief /r'li:f/ n. (808. BH ) 减轻 或 消除 ;
( 不 快 过 后 的 ) 宽慰 、 轻 松 或 解脱

者 ; 作曲 家

汽车 的 ) 售票 员

cure /kjua(r)/

vt. 治愈 ; 治 好 ( 疾病 ) ; 解决 ( 问题 )

n. 药物 ; 治疗 ; ( 解决 问题 、 改 善 糟糕 情况 的 ) 措施
absorbed /abso'bd/' in sth/sb

被 …- 吸 引 住 ;专心致志
previous /pri'viss/ adj. 先前 的 ; 以 往 的
unemployed /,anmm'plord/ adj. 失业 的 ; 待业 的
romantic /rou'menttk/ adj. 浪漫 的

n. 浪漫 的 人

album /albamy 7. 相册 ; 集邮 簿 ;音乐 专辑
impact /‘impekt/ n. 巨大 影响 ， 强 大 作用 ;冲击 力

aim /em/n. BAS; 目标
vi. & vt. 力求 达到 ; 力争 做 到 ; 瞄准
vt. 目的 是 ; BE

set sth up 安装 好 ( 设备 或 机 器 )
equipment /kwipmaent/ .设备 ; 装备
try out 参加 …… 选 拔 ( 或 试 演 )
talent /'telont/n. KA; KA; 天 赋
piano /pi'enov/ n. 钢琴
assume /o'sju:m/ vt. 以 为 ; 假设
addition n. 添加 ; 加 法 ; 增加 物

in addition (to sb/sth) 除 …… 以 外 (还 )
disease /di'zi:z/n. (#) 病
ache /erk/ vi. & n. BH
treatment /‘tri:tmont/ n. 治疗 ;对待 ; 处 理
from (then) on Ad ( 33) 时 起
lean /li:n/

vt. (leant/leaned, leant/leaned ) 依靠 ; 倾斜
get through ! 设法 ) 处 理 ; 完成
moreover /mo:r'suva(r)/ adv. MA; 此 外
satisfaction /,setis'fekfn/n. 满足 AR; WE
being /‘bi:m/n. 4b; 存在 ; 生物
various /'veorias/ adj. 各 种 不 同 的 ; 各 种 各 样 的
somehow /'samhau/

adv. 以 某 种 方式 ( 或 方法 ) ;不知 怎么 地
rhetorical /ri'tortkl/ adj. 修辞 的
metaphor /'metofa(r)/ n. 82M; 隐喻
personification /po,spnifi'kerfn/

nr; 人 格 化 ; 化 身
repetition /repe'trfn/ n. BR; Bik
simile /'stmali/ n. 886
outline /‘autlain/ n. & vt. 概述 ;概要
reaction /ri'ekfn/n. RM; 回应

Eric Whitacre/‘ertk 'witoka(r)/ 埃 里 克 ， 惠 塔 克

Nevada /ma'va:da/ 内 华 达 州 ( 美国 )

Mozart /mausa:(T)t 莫扎特

Lux Aurumque /laks 'o:ramk/
《金色 光芒 》 ( 歌曲 名 )

UNICEF /‘ju:mtsef/ abbr. United Nations Children’s
Fund 联合 国 儿童 基金 会

Las Vegas /las 'vergos; NAmE ,la:s-/
拉 斯 维 加 斯 ( 美国 城市 )

John A. Logan /‘lougan/ 约翰 洛 根

Vocabulary

iE: 黑体 部 分 为 课 标 词 和 短语 ; 白 体 部 分 为 非 课 标 词 ; 带

NA

absorbed /sb'ss:bd/ in sth/sb
被 …… 吸 引 住 ; 专心 致 志
access /aekses/
7. 通道 ; ( 使 用 、 查 阅 、 接 近 或 面 见 的 ) 机 会
vt. 进入 ; 使 用 ; 获取
account /sa kaunt/ 7. 账户 ; 描述
ache /erIk/ vi. & 7 疼痛
achievement /s'tfi:vmont/
n. 成 就 ; 成 绩 ; 达到
adapt /o'dept/ vi. 适应
vt. 使 适应 ; 使 适合
adapt to 适应
addition n. 添加 ; 加 法 ; 增加 物
in addition (to sb/sth) 除 …… 以 外 (还 )
aim /ermy 7. 目的 ; 目标
vi. & vt. 力求 达到 ; 力争 做 到 ;瞄准
vi BNE; BE
alarm /s'la:m/ ve. 使 惊恐 ; 使 害怕 ;使 担心
n. 恐慌 ; BR; 警报 器
alarming /alamamy/ adj. 惊人 的 ;使 人 惊恐 的
album /‘zlbom/n. 相册 ; 集邮 簿 ;音乐 专辑
all over the world 在 世界 各 地
altogether /oilta'geaa(r)/
adv. ( 用 以 强调 ) 全 部 ; 总 共
amount /smaunt/ n. 金额 ; 数量
ancestor /‘ensesta(r)/n. 祖宗; 祖先
Anglo-Saxon /an0glau'saeksn/
ASR A
announce /o'nauns/ vt. 宣布 ; 通知 ;声称
antelope /‘entiloup/n.#; 羚 类 动物
Tibetan antelope @#%
app /ep/ 1. 应 用 程序 ; 应 用 软件
( application 的 缩 略 形式 )
application /,epli'kerfn/
n. 申请 ( 表 ); 用 途 ; 运

; 应 用 (程序 )

词汇 表

符号 的 词汇 为 专 有 名 词 。

approach /spreutf/ 7 方法; 途径 ; 接近
vt. 接近 ; 接洽 ;着 手 处 理

vi. 靠近 (4)
©) archaeologist /axki'plodgist/ n. 考古 学 家 (1)
as well as 同 ( 一 样 也 ) ; 和 ; 还 (4)
assume /o'sju:m/ vt. 以 为 ; 假设 (5)
(3) Aswan /'a:swon/ Dam 阿 斯 旺 大 坝 (D)
G) attack /a'teek/ n., vi. & vt. 攻 击 ; 抒 击 O)
©) attempt /o'tempt/n.& vi. 2A; 试图 ; 尝试 (1)
author /'s:0(r)/ n. 作者 ; 作家 (3)
(4) authority /o:'Ovroti/ n. B77; 当权 ; 权威 (2)
average /‘evorid3/ n. 平均 数 ; 平均 水 平
2) adj. 平均 的 ; 正常 的 ; 普通 的 (2)
@) on average 平均 (2)
©) award /s'wo:d/ vt. 授予
©) n. 奖品 (5)
aware /s'wea(r)/ adj. 知道 ; 发 觉 ， 有 ……: 意 识 的 (2)
6) aware of 意识 到 ; 知道 (2)
(2) 站 B
(2) . ，
5) bagpipes /‘begparps/ n. [pl.] Ms (5)
(1) balance /'belons/n. 平衡; 均匀
vt. 使 平衡 (1)
6) keep balance 保持 平衡 (a)
(4) band /bend/n. RK; 带子 (5)
(4) battery /‘betri/ n. 电池 (3)
battle /‘betl/ n. Riz; 搏斗
由 vi, & vt. 搏斗 ; 奋斗 (4)
(4) Battle of Hastings /herstmz/
(2) 黑 斯 廷 斯 战役 (4)
(2) beauty /bju:ti/n. ®; A; 美好 的 东西 (2)
beer /bia(r)/ n. ( 一 杯 ) 啤酒 (4)
(1) being /'bi:m/n. 2b; 存在 ; 生物 (5)
belong /bi'lon/ vi. AZ7E ( 某 处 ) ; 适应 (4)
(D belong to 属于 (4)

一 Vocabulary

107
~— Appendices — - a _

benefit /‘benrfit/ n. 益处 conduct /‘kondakt/n. 7A; 举止; 管理 方法
vt. 使 受益 /kon'dakt/ vt. 组 织 ; 安排; 带领 (1)
vi. 得 益 于 (3) conductor /kon'dakta(r)/ n.
binoculars /bi'nokjaloz/ n. 双 简 望远镜 (2) ( 乐 了 从、 合唱 轩 等 的 ) 指挥 ; 《公共 汽车 的 ) 售票 员 (5)
bird field guide 4B (2) conference /'‘konforons/
Birmingham /'bs:mmam; NAmE 'bs:rminhem/ 由 会议， 研讨 会 ， 正式 会 谈 G)
伯明翰 ( 英国 城市 ) @) confirm /kon'fs:(r)m/ vt. 确认 ; 使 确信 (3)
blog /blog/ n. 18% Confucius /kon'fju:fas/ n. LF (4)
vi. 写 博 客 GB) conquer /'konka(r)/ vt. 占领 ; 征服 ; 控制 (4)
blog post 博文 ; 博客 帖子 8) contrast 《ER n. 对 比 ; WR
blogger /'blogo(r)/ n. BAA; B= (3) . epee m
contribute /kon'tribju:t/ vi. & vt. 捐献 ; 捐助 (1)
break away [from sb/sth) aah Ae
BER. BIR: SRE a contribution Neontrr'bjusfn/
; ; n.FBRk; 贡献 ; 捐赠 qd)
butter /baAte(D)/ Ribs 奶油 convenient /ken'vimiont/ adj. 方便 的 ; 近 便 的 “(3)
vt. 涂 黄 油 于 (4) 1 1
_ county /‘kaunti/
button /'batn/ n. #248; 纽扣 (3) n. (HE. BR“) 郡 ， ( 美国 的 ) 县 (4)
courtyard /'ko:tja:d/ 并. 庭院; 院子 (4)
| G creative /kri:'ertrv/
adj. 创造 性 的 ;有 创造 力 的 ; 有 创意 的 qd)
Cairo /karersu/ 开罗 ( 埃及 首都 ) (D) creatively /krisertrvli/
capable /kerpsbl/ adj. BRAN; BARE (5) ady. 创造 性 地 ;有 创造 力 地 (1)
case /keis/n.&; 箱 ; 情况 ; 案件 (3) creature /kri'tfa(r)/ n. £9; 动物 (2)
cash /kef/n. LE; BH (3) crowd /kraud/ n. A##; —##A; 民众
cattle /‘ketl/ n. + (4) vt. 挤 满 ; 使 …… 拥 挤 (4)
cave /kerv/n. 山洞 ; 洞穴 () cure /jusG)/
cemetery /sematri/ n. 墓地 ; 23 (4) vt. 治愈 ; 治 好 ( 疾病 ) ;解决 ( 问题 )
charge /tfa:d3/ .收费 ;指控 ; 主管 n. 药物 ; 治疗 ;
vt. WH; BS; HB (4) ( 解决 问题 、 改 善 糟糕 情况 的 ) 措施 (5)
charity /'tferoti/ n. #8; BM+14 ( 或 组 织 ) —G) ”CUrrency /‘karonsi/ n. 通货 ; 货币 (4)
chat /tfet/ vi. BK; 闲聊 (3) custom /'kastom/ n. 风俗 ; 习俗 ; 习惯 (4)
chief /tfi:fy adj. 最 重要 的 ;最 高 级 别 的 cyberbully /'sarbobuli/ 站 网 时
n. ( 公司 或 机 构 的 ) 首领 ; 疯长 (4) vt. & vin 网 络 其 次 G)
chiwen /'tfowon/ 8% ay cypress /'sarpras/ n. 柏树 (1)
classical /'klestkl/ adj. 古典 的 ; 经 典 的 (5)
click /klik/ vt. & vi. Rit (3) 目 D
Ed CD。 dam /daemy n. IR; PST a)
cmimittee hke mati/ n. 委员 会 Aswan /‘a:swon/ Dam 阿 斯 旺 大 坝 (1)
comparison /kom'perisn/ n. teak; 相 比 (D  gatabase /‘dertabers/ n. 数据 库 ; 资料 库 G)
composer /kom'pouza(r)/ n. 作曲 者 ; 作曲 家 (5) day and night Saxe; 夜以继日 2)
composition/kompo'zifn/ deer /dio(r)/n. BB (2)
ns ( 音乐 艺术、 诗歌 的 ) 作品 G) defence /dnfens/ .防御 ; 保卫 (4)
concern /kon'sain/ vt. 涉及 ; 让 …… 担 忧 (2) define /di'fain/ vt 给 …… 下 定义 ; RE: 解释 (3)
concerned /ken'ssimnd/ adj. 担心 的 ; 关切 的 (2) department /dr'pa:tmont/n. 部; 4; 科 (D)
concerned about 对 …… 关 切 的 ; descendant /drsendsnt/ 站. B®; 后 代 ; 子孙 (4)
为 …… 担 忧 的 (2) die out Kt; 逐渐 消失 (2)

108
digital /‘didgitl/ adj. 数码 的 ; 数字 显示 的 (1)
disappear /,diso'pia(r)/ vi. 消失 ; 灭绝 ; WE (1)
discount /‘diskaunt/ n. 折扣

vt. 打折 (3)
disease /di'zi:z/n. ( 疾 ) 病 (5)
distance /drstans/ n. 距离 (3)

document /‘dokjumont/
n. 文件 ; 公文 ; ( 计算 机 ) 文档

vt. 记录 ; 记载 (详情 ) (D
dolphin /‘dolfin/ n. 海豚 (2)
Yangtze River dolphin 白 鳍 豚 (2)

donate /dou'nert/
vt. ( 45S ) 捐赠 ; 赠送 ; 献 ( 血 ) (1)
donate ... to .… 向 …… 捐 赠 …… (D)
dot /dot/ .点 ; 小 ( 圆 ) 点 vt 加 点 ; 遍布 (4)
download /daunlaud/ vr. 下 载
n. PR; 已 下 载 的 数据 资料 (1)

dragon /‘dregon/ n. 龙 ()
due /dju:/ adj. ; AA (2)
due to HT; 因为 (2)
HE
eager /‘i:ga(r)/ adj. 热切 的 ; 渴望 的 (4)
effective /1'fektrv/ adj. 有 效 的 ; 生效 的 (2)
Egypt /‘i:dgipt/ 埃及 ( 国家 名 ) ()
Egyptian /i'd3rp§n/ adj. 埃及 的 (1)
embarrassing /1m'berasin/
adj 让 人 难堪 (Tih; BB) 的 (3)
emotion /1'moufn/ n. Bi; 情感， 情绪 (2)
enable /i'nerbl/ vr. 使 能 够 ;使 可 能 (5)
endanger /in'deind3a(r)/ wt. 使 遭 受 危险 ; 危害 (2)
energy /‘enod3i/ n. 能源; 能量; 精力 (5)
engine /‘end3in/ n. 引擎 ;发 动机 ;火车 头 (3)
search engine ( 互联 网 上 的 ) 搜索 引擎 (3)
ensure /in'fua(r)/ vt. RIE; FR; 担保 (4)
entrance /‘entrons/n. 入口; 进入 (ap)
Eric Whitacre/‘errk 'witoko(r)/

RES + 惠 塔 克 (5)
equipment /'kwipmont/71.i&%; 装备 (5)
establish /i'steblif/ vt. 建立 ; 创立 (1)
evidence /‘evidons/ n. 证 据 ; 证 明 (4)
exist /ig'zist/ vi. FE; 生存 (2)
exit /‘eksit/n. HO; 通道

vi. & vt. HA; BH dq)

= Vocabulary

extinct /1k'stipkt/ adj. 已 灭绝 的 (2)
extinction /1k'stinkfn/ n. 灭绝 (2)
HF
fall in love with 爱 上 (5)
false /fo:ls/ adj. 假 的 ; 错误 的 (3)
familiar /fo'milia(r)/ adj. 熟悉 ;熟知 (3)
fascinating /fasmertm/
adj. 极 有 吸引 力 的 ; 迷人 的 (4)
feast /fi:st/n. BE; 宴会 ; 节日 (4)
file /farl/ n. 文件 ;文件 夹 ; 档案 (3)
fin /fin/ n. ( 鱼 的 ) 鱼 (2)
forever /for'eva(r)/ adv. 永远 ; 长 久 地 ()

forgive /fo'grv/
vt. & vi. ( forgave, forgiven) Rig; 宽恕

vt. 对 不 起 ; 请 原谅 qd)
former /'fo:ma(r)/ adj. 以 前 的 ; ( 两 者 中 ) 前 者 的 (1)
from (then) on 4A ( 48) 时 起 (5)

function /fAnkfn/ n. 功能 ; 作用 ; 机 能
vi. 起 作用 ; 正常 工作 ; 运转 (3)

fund /fAnd/ n. 基金 ; 专款 (1)
fur /fa:/ n. EB ( 皮 ) ; 毛皮 衣服 (2)
further /'fs:50(r)/

adv. ( far 的 比较 级 ) Bit; 进一步 ()
ie

gallery /‘gelori/n. (ZAER@M) 展览 馆 ; 画廊 (4)
generous /‘dgenoras/ adj. 慷慨 的 ; 大 方 的 ; 丰富 的 (4)

get through ( 设法 ) 处 理 ; 完成 (5)
give way to ita; Hk (D
go through 经 历 ; 度 过 ; 通读 (3)
goods /gudz/n. 商品 ; 货物 (2)
gradual /grad5usl/ adj. 逐渐 的 ; 渐进 的 (5)
greet /‘gri:t/ vr. 问候 ; 迎接 (4)
guideline /‘gaidlain/ n. 准则 ;指导 原则 (3)

BH

habitat /‘hebrtet/n. ( 动 植 物 的 ) 生活 环境 ; 栖息 地 (2)

harmony /‘ha:moni/ 7. 和 谐 ; 融洽 (2)

heel /hi:/n. 2ER; (BAL ARF. HES) 后 跟 (4)
Achilles’ /a'kili:z/ heel (Mi) (希腊 神话 )

阿 喀 琉 斯 的 脚跟 ， 致 命 的 弱点 (4)
herd /ha:d/ n. 牧 群 ; 兽 群 (2)

109
一 Appendices a

110

heritage /‘heritid3/ n. 遗产 ( 指 国家 或 社会 长 期
形成 的 历史 、 传 统 和 特色 )

hip-hop /hrphpp/ n. 嘻哈 音 乐 ; 嘻哈 文化
historic /hi'storik/

adj. 历史 上 著名 ( 或 重要 ) 的 ;有 史 时 期 的
honey /‘hani/ 1. #2
hunt /hant/ vr. & vi. #738; 搜寻 ; 追捕

hunter /‘hanto/ n. 猎人

identify /ar'dentifar/ ve. 确认 ; 认 出 ;找到

identity /ardentati/ n. 身份 ; 个 性
identity card 身份 证

illegal li:gl/ adj. 不 合法 的 ; 非法 的
illegally /li:gali/ adv. 不 合法 地 ; 非法 地

image /‘imid3/ n. ZR; 印象

immediately /1'mi:distli/ adv. 立刻

(1)
(5)

(1)
(4)
(2)
(2)

(1)
(3)
(3)
(2)
(2)
(D)
(2)

impact /‘impekt/ n. 巨大 影响 ， 强 大 作用 ; 冲击 力 (3)

in shape 状况 良好
individual /ndi'vid3uel/ adj. 单独 的 ; 个 别 的
有 .个 人
insect /rmsekt/ n. BS
inspire /in'spata(r)/ vt. RH; 激励; 启发 思考
intend /in'tend/ vi. & vt. 打算 ; 计划 ; BE
investigate /in'vestigeit/ vi. & vt. BB; 研究
Irish /amif/ adj. 爱尔兰 的 ;爱尔兰 人 (或 语 ) 的
issue /‘1fu:; BrE also sju: /
n.B2Wa; 争论 的 问题
vt. BH; 公布

Hu

Jan /d3en/ Tchamani /tfe'meni/ 简 ' 夏 曼 尼
John A. Logan /lsugan/ 约翰 ' 洛 根
join ... to... 把 …- 和 ,…… 连 接 或 联结 起 来

Ik

kangaroo /kengo'ru:/ n. 袋鼠
keep [...) in mind 牢记

keep sb company Batt A
keep track of 掌握 …… 的 最 新 消息 ;
了 解 …… 的 动态

keep your eyes open [for] i; 留意
kingdom /kmdam/ n. 王国 ; 领域
koala /kou'a:lo/ n. BRR; AHL

(3)

(4)
(2)
(3)
(2)
(D)
(4)

(D

(3)
(5)
(4)

(2)
(3)
(3)

(3)
(4)
(4)
(2)

BL

landscape /‘landskerp/
n. (BEL, AHSAN) 风景
Las Vegas /les 'vergas; NAmE |la:s-/
拉 斯 维 加 斯 ( 美国 城市 )
lead to 导致
lean /li:n/
vt. (leant/leaned, leant/leaned ) 依靠 ; 倾斜
legal /‘li:gl/ adj. 法 律 的 ; 合法 的
likely /larkli/ adj. 可 能 的
adv. 可 能 地
limit /‘Immit/n. 限度 ;限制
ve. 限制 ; 限定
living /‘livin/ adj. EH; aH; ARH
n. £58; 生计
location /lou'kerfn/ 7. 地 方 ; 地 点 ; 位 置

(4)

(5)
()

(5)
(4)

(D

(D

(2)
(4)

Los Angeles /lps 'zendzoli:z/ 洛杉矶 ( 美国 城市 ) (1)

loss /lps/ 7. 丧失 ; 损失

Lux Aurumque /laks 'o:ramk/
《金色 光芒 》 ( 歌曲 名 )

iM

make fun of RR; 戏弄
make out 看 清 ; 听 清 ; 分 清
make progress 取得 进步
make sure 确保 ; 设法 保证
mansion /maenfn/ 7. 18; BS
mass /mes/ adj. 大 量 的 ; 广泛 的
7. 大量; 堆 ; 群
measure /'me3a(r)/ 7. 措施 ; 方法
vt 测量 ;度量 ; 估量
metaphor /'metofa(r)/ n. BBM; 隐喻
military /mailatri/ adj. 军事 的 ; 军用 的
mirror /‘miro/ n. 镜子
moreover /mo:r'suve(r)/ adv. 而 且 ; 此 外
Moscow /mpsksu/ 莫斯科 ( 俄罗斯 首都 )
mount /maunt/ n. 山峰
vt. MeL; 3£
vt. Me; BE
Mozart /'mousa:(r)t/ 莫扎特

IN

nearby /,nto'bar/ adj. 附近 的 ; 邻近 的
adv. 在 附近

(D

(5)

G3)
(2)
(2)
(D)
(4)

(2)

(2)
(5)
(4)
(D
(5)
()

()
(5)

(4)
neighbourhood /‘neibohud/ n. 临近 的 地 方 ; 街区 (2)
net /net/ n. = Internet; 网
adj. 净 得 的 ; 纯 的 (3)
network /'netws:(r)k/
n. (BRK) 网 络 ; 网 状 系统 ; 人际 网
vt. 将 …… 连 接 成 网 络 ; 联播

vi. 建立 工作 关系 (3)

Nevada /ma'va:da/ 内 华 达 州 ( 美国 ) (5)

Norman /'no:mon/ adj. 23H; 诺 曼 人 的 (4)

the Normans 诺 曼 人 (4)
Northern Ireland /no:an ‘aralond/

北 爱尔兰 (RB) (4)

now that 既然 ; 由 于 (3)

nowadays /nausderz/ adv. 现在 ; 目前 (5)

| Ke)

observe /ab'zs:v/ vr. 观察 ( 到 ) ; 注视 ; 遵守 (2)

ocean /sufn/ n. 大海 ; 海洋 (4)
on earth ( 放 在 疑问 词 之 后 表示 强调 ) AB; BR (2)
onto /'pnto/ prep. ( 朝 ) 向 (5)
opinion /o'pinjan/ n. 意见 ;想法 ;看 法 qd)
opportunity /ppo'tju:nati/ n. 机 会 ;时 机 (5)
ordinary /‘o:dnri/ adj. 普通 的 ; 平凡 的 (5)
original /a'ridgonl/ adj. 原来 的 ;独创 的 ; 原作 的
n. 原件 ; 原作 (5)
outline /‘avtlamn/ n. & vt. 概述 ;概要 (5)
overseas /,auva(r)'si:z/ adj. 海外 的
adv. 在 海外 ()

|

parade /po'reid/ n. #47; 检阅

vi. 游行 庆祝 ; 游行 示威 (1)
paraphrase /'perofreiz/
n., vi. & vt.( 用 更 容易 理解 的 文字 ) 解释 (D
particular /ps'trkjala(r)/
adj. 特定 的 ; 特别 的 ; 讲究 的 (3)
perform /po'fo:(r)m/
vi. & vt. 表演 ; 履行 ; 执行 G)
performance /po'fo:(r)mons/
n. 表演 ; 演技 ; 表现 (5)

performer /po'fo:(r)ma(r)/ n. 表演 者 ; 演员 (5)
personification /po,sonifi'kerfn/

nA; 人 格 化; 化 身 (5)
phenomenon/fo'npminon/
( pl. phenomena /-Ine/ ) n. RR (5)

philosophy /fo'lnsofi/ n. 哲学 (4)
piano /pi'enovu/ n. 钢琴 (5)
plain /plem/ n. #&

adj. 简单 明了 的 ; 直率 的 ; 平凡 的 (2)
plus /plas/ conj. MB; 此 外

由. 加 号 ; 优势

Prep. 加; 另 加 (3)
poet /paurt/ n. FA (4)
port /po:t/ n. #0 ( 城市 ) (4)
position /po'zifn/ n. 位 置 ; 姿态 ;职位 (4)
poster /psusta(r)/ n. 74% (2)

preserve /pri'za:v/ vt. 保存; 保护 ; 维持
n. 保护 区 qd)
press /pres/ wt. 7%, Ae; 敦促 (3)
pressure /'prefa(r)/n. 压力 ; 要求 (2)
under pressure 在 压力 下 ; 承受 压力 (2)
prevent /pri'vent/ vr. 阻止 ; 阻碍 ; 阻挠 qd)
prevent... from... 阻止 ;不 准 (1)
previous /pri'viss/ adj. 先前 的 ; 以 往 的 (5)
prince /prins/ n. 王子 ; Eth; KE (2)

privacy /'privasi; NAmE 'praiv-/ n. Bat; 私密 (3)
process /'prouses/n. 过 程 ; 进程 ; 步骤
/pro'ses/ vt. 处 理 ; 加 工 ()
professional /pro'fefanl/ adj. 专业 的 ; 职业 的
n. 专业 人 员 ; 职业 选手 (1)

profit /profit/ n. 利润 ; 利益 (2)
promote /pro'mout/ vt. 促进 ; 提升 ; 推销 ; BA (1)
proposal /pro'pouzl/ n. 提议 ; 建议 ()

make a proposal 提出 建议 (1)

protest /'proutest/ n. 抗议
/pro'test/ vi. & vt.( AFA) RM; MIM  ()

prove /pru:v/ vr. 证明; 展现 (5)
province /'provins/ n. (3)
pub /pab/ n. 酒吧 ; 酒馆 (4)
puzzle /'pazl/ n. 谜 ; 智力 游戏 ; 疑问

vt. 迷惑 ;使 困惑 (4)

pyramid /'prramid/n. (AiRRAN) 金字 塔 ; 棱锥 体 (1)

§Q

quality ‘kwoloti/n. 质量 ;品质 ;素质 ; 特征
adj. 优质 的 ; 高 质量 的 (D
quote /kwout/ vt. 引 (1)

BR

rap /rep/n. 快速 敲 击 ;说 唱 音乐
vi. & vt. Rie; ( 说 唱歌 中 的 ) SB (5)

Vocabulary
Appendices 加

112

rate /reit/n. 速度 ; (th) 率

vt. 划分 等 级 (2)
rating /‘reitin/n. 等 级 ; 级 别 (2)
reaction /ri'ekjn/n. RY; 回应 (5)

recover /ri'kavo(r)/ vi. RE; RE
vt. ke; +8 (2)
reduce /ri'dju:s/ vt. 减少 (2)
relic /'relik/ n. 遗物 ; 遗迹 ()

relief /ri'li:f/ ”，( 焦虑 、 痛 苦 的 ) 减轻 或 消除 ;
( 不 快 过 后 的 ) 宽慰 、 轻 松 或 解脱 (5)

remind /ri'maind/ vw. 提醒 ;使 想起 (2)
remind sb of sb/sth

使 某 人 想起 ( 类 似 的 人 或 物 (2)
remove /ri'mu:v/ vt. AR; BA; 脱 去 (2)
repetition /repa'tifn/ n. BS; 重 做 (5)
republic /ri'pablik/ n. 共和 国 (1)

reserve /ri'zs:v/ n. ( 动 植物 ) 保护 区 ; 储藏 ( 量 )
vt. 预订 ; FAB; 保留 (2)

resident /rezidont/n. BR; ( 美国 的 ) 住院 医生

adj. ( 在 某 地 ) 居住 的 (3)

rhetorical /ri'torikl/ adj. 修辞 的 (5)

roar /rox(r)/ vi. & n. GLO; mene (4)
roll /roul/ vi. & vt. (48) BUR; (18) 滚动

n.& ($8) ; 翻滚 (4)

Roman /raumon/ adj. HP SH; 罗马 的
nASBA; 罗马 市 民 (4)
romantic /rou'menttk/ adj. 浪漫 的

n. 浪漫 的 人 (5)
roof /ru:f/ n. 顶部 ; 屋顶 (1)
rude /ru:d/ adj. 粗鲁 的 ; 无 礼 的 (3)
is
sacred /'serkrid/ adj. 神圣 的 ; 受 尊敬 的 (2)
Saint Basil's Cathedral /ssnt bezlz ka'@i:dral/
圣 瓦 希 里 大 教堂 (1)
satisfaction /setis'fek{n/ 7m. 满足 ! 满意; MB (5)
scent /sent/ n. 气味 ; 气息 (4)
Scotland/'skot,lond/ 苏格兰 ( 英国 ) (4)
Search for 搜索 ; 查找 (2)
sensory /'sensori/ adj. 感觉 的 ; 感官 的 (4)
set sth up 安装 好 ( 设备 或 机 器 ) (5)
shark /Sa:k/ n. 2& (2)
sheet /fist/n. —3k (42); 床单; 被 单 (1)

shoot /fu:t/

vt. & vi. (shot, shot) HH; HA; 发 射 (2)
simile /smali/ n. 明 喻 (5)
skin /skin/n. &; 皮肤 (2)
snack /snek/ n. 点心 ; 小 吃 (4)
software /'spftwea(r)/ n. f= (3)
somehow /'samhau/

adv. 以 某 种 方式 ( 或 方法 ) ; 不 知 怎么 地 (5)
soul /soul/ n. RB; 心灵 (5)
species /'spifi:z/ n. BW (2)
stage /sterd3/n. ( 发 展 或 进展 的 ) 时 期 ;阶段 ;

( 多 指 剧场 中 的 ) 舞台 (5)

stew /stju:/ n. 炖 菜 ( 有 肉 和 蔬菜 )
vt. & vi. i; 爆 (4)
stir /stay vt. 激发 ;搅动 (2)
stir up 激 起 (2)

stream /stri:m/
vt. 流 播 ( 不 用 下 载 直接 在 互联 网 上 播放 音 视频 ) ; 流出
vi. Fish

ne; 溪流 (3)
striking /'strarki/ adj. 引 人 注 目的 ， 显著 的 (4)
stringed /strind/ adj. 有 弦 的 (5)

stringed instrument 弦乐器 (5)
stuck /stak/ adj. FE; BA (A); 困 ( 于 ) (3)
studio /'stju:diau/

nS; ( 音乐 的 ) 录音 棚 ; 工作 室 (5)
surf /s3:(r)f/ vt. & vi. 浏览 ;冲浪 (3)

1; 包围 (4)

surround /sa'raund/ vt.

iT

take part in 参与 ( 某 事 ) ; 参加 ( 某 活动 ) (1)
talent /‘telont/n. KA; KR; 天 赋 (5)
Tanzania /,tenzo'nio/ 坦桑尼亚 (BRA) (1)
target /‘ta:git/ n. 目标 ; WR; 靶子
vt. 把 …… 作 为 攻击 目标 (3)
techno /'teknou/ n. 泰克 诺 音乐 ( 一 种 节奏 快 、
通常 无 歌声 相伴 的 音乐 ) (5)

temple /‘templ/ 7. a; 寺 ()
the Emerald Isle /‘emorold ,arl/
绿 宝石 岛 ( 爱尔兰 的 别称 ) (4)
the Forbidden /fo'bidn/ City 紫禁城 (D
the Kremlin /‘kremlin/ 克里姆林 ( 宫 ) (1)
the Nile /‘nail/ 尼罗河 (1)
the World Wide Web abbr. WWW
万 维 网 ;环球 信息 网 (3)
7 _ — 一 Vocabulary ——

theft /6eft/ n. i (3) ; ABE (3) unusual /anju:zuol/ adj. 特别 的 ; KSSH (2)
" threat /Oret/ n. 威胁 (2) update /Ap'dert/ vz. 更 新 ;向 …… 提 供 最 新 信息
threaten /9retny vr. 威胁 ; 危及 (2) n. 更新; 最 新 消息 (3)
throughout /@ru:'aut/ upset /ap'set/
prep. & 3b; 遍及 ; 自始至终 (1) adj. WRENS; 苦恼 的 ; IBA
thus /6as/ adv. 如 此 ; 因此 (5) vt. (upset, upset ) 使 烦恼 ， 使 生气 ; AL (3)
Tibet / tr'bet/ n. Bi (2)
Tibetan /t'betn/ 是 V
adj. 西藏 的 ; 藏 语 的 ; 藏族 (A) 的
n. 西藏 人 ; BURA; 藏 语 (2) Van Gogh /ven 'gpf/ #8 ( 荷兰 画家 ) (4)
tip /up/n. 忠告 ; RB; 实用 的 提示 (3) Various /'veorias/ adj. 各 种 不 同 的 ; 各 种 各 样 的 (5)
tough /taf/ adj. 艰难 的 ; 严厉 的 (3) Viking /'varkin/ n. 维 京 人 ;北欧 海盗 (4)
tradition /tra'difn/ virtual /'va:tfuol/ adj. 很 接近 的 ; 事实 上 的 ; 虚拟 的 (5)
n. 传统 ; 传统 的 信仰 或 风俗 (1) virtual choir /‘kwato(r)/ 虚拟 合唱 团 (5)
transition /tren'z1fn; -'sifn/
nit; 转变 ; 变迁 (4) | W
treatment /'tri:tmont/ n. 治疗 ; 对待; 处理 (5)
troll /trol; traul/ n. RHLOEA FMA; RPMI (3) Wales /werlz/ 威尔士 ( 英国 ) (4)
try out 参加 …… 选 拔 ( 或 试 演 ) (5) Watch over 保护 ; RE; 监督 (2)
turn to ... 向 …… 求 助 (1) Whale /weul/ n. & (2)
Wi-Fi /‘war far n. LARA ( 用 无 线 电波 而 非 网 线
| U 在 计算 机 网 络 传输 数据 的 系统 ) (3)
wine /warn/ 7. 葡萄 酒 ; 果酒 (4)
unemployed /,anim'plord/ within /wr'din/ prep. & adv.
adj. 失业 的 ; 待业 的 (5 在 ( 某 段 时 间 、 距 离 或 范围 ) 之 内 上
UNESCO /ju:'neskau/ abbr. United Nations worthwhile /,ws:(r)6'watl/
Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization adj. 值得 做 的 ; 值得 花 时 间 的 (])
联合 国教 科 文 组 织 (1)
UNICEF /'jumtsef/ abbr. United Nations
Children’s Fund 联合 国 儿童 基金 会 (5)

113

—— Appendices

114

Irregular Verbs 不 规则 动词

Verb Past tense | Past participle Verb Pasttense | Past participle
be (am, is, are) | was, were been get got got/gotten
bear bore born, borne give gave given
beat beat beaten go went gone
become became become grow grew grown
begin began begun hang hung hung
blow blew blown | have (has) had had
break broke broken | hear heard heard
bring brought brought hide hid hidden
build built built hit hit hit
burn burnt/burned burnt/burned hold held held
buy bought bought hurt hurt hurt
catch caught caught keep kept kept
choose chose chosen know knew known
come came come lay laid laid
cost cost cost lead led led
cut cut cut lean leant/leaned leant/leaned
deal dealt dealt learn learnt/learned | learnt/learned
dig dug dug leave left left
do (does) did done lend lent lent
draw drew drawn let let let
dream dreamt/dreamed |dreamt/dreamed lie ( 5) lay lain
drink drank drunk light lit/lighted litlighted
drive drove driven lose lost lost
eat | ate eaten make made made
fall fell fallen mean meant meant
feed fed fed meet met met
feel felt felt mistake mistook mistaken
fight fought fought overcome overcame overcome
find found found oversleep overslept overslept
fly flew flown pay paid paid
forget forgot forgotten put put put
forgive forgave forgiven quit quit quit

~ Irregular Verbs -一

Verb

Verb Past tense | Past participle Past tense | Past participle
read /ri:d/ read /red/ read /red/ spell spelt/spelled | spelt/spelled
ride rode ridden spend spent spent
ring rang rung spread spread spread
rise rose risen stand stood stood
run ran run steal stole stolen
say said said stick stuck stuck
see saw seen strike struck struck/stricken
sell sold sold sweep swept swept

| Send Sent Sent swim swam swum
set set set take took taken
shake shook shaken teach taught taught
shine shone shone tell told told
shoot shot shot think thought thought
show showed shown throw threw thrown
shut shut shut understand understood understood
sing sang sung upset upset upset
sit sat sat wake woke woken
sleep slept slept wear wore worn
smell smelt/smelled | smelt/smelled win won won
speak | spoke spoken write wrote written
speed sped/speeded sped/speeded

115
本 册 教 科 书 是 人 民 教 育 出 版 社 课程 教材 研究 所 英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心 与 美国 圣 智
学 习 集 团 合作 ， 依 据 教 育 部 《普通 高 中 英语 课程 标准 ( 2017 年 版 )》 编 写 的 ， 经 国家 教材
委员 会 2019 年 审查 通过 。

本 册 教 科 书 的 编写 ， 集 中 反映 了 我 国 十 余年 来 普通 高 中 课程 改革 的 成 果 ， 吸 取 了
2004 年 版 《普通 高 中 课程 标准 实验 教科 书 “ 英语》 的 编写 经 验 ， 凝 聚 了 参与 课 改 实验 的
教育 专家 、 学 科 专家 、 教 材 编写 专家 、 教 研 人 员 和 一 线 教 师 ， 以 及 教材 设计 装帧 专家 的 集
体 智 慧 。 本 册 教 科 书 的 执笔 者 还 有 Sarah H. Miller Jacqueline Eu .Edward Yoshioka , fE4> #2 ,
MLK. RAN. AAR ART WEAR HAR, 绘制 插图 的 是 怡 彩 艺术 设计 。

我 们 感谢 2004 年 版 《普通 高 中 课程 标准 实验 教科 书 ”英语 》 的 副 主编 歼 亚 夫 和 编写
人 员 Rick Sjoquist、Dodie Brooks 、 事 翔 宇 等 。 我 们 感谢 所 有 对 教科 书 的 编写 、 出 版 、 试
教 等 提供 过 帮助 与 支持 的 同仁 和 社会 各 界 朋 友 。

本 册 教 科 书 出 版 之 前 ， 我 们 通过 多 种 渠道 与 教科 书 选用 作品 (包括 照片 、 画 作 ) 的 作
者 进行 了 联系 ， 得 到 了 他 们 的 大 力 支 持 。 对 此 ， 我 们 表示 衷心 的 感谢 !

我 们 真诚 地 希望 广大 教师 、 学 生 及 家 长 在 使 用 本 册 教 科 书 的 过 程 中 提出 宝贵 意见 。 我
们 将 集思广益 ， 不 断 修 订 ， 使 教科 书 趋 于 完善 。

联系 方式
电话 : 010-58758866
电子 邮箱 : jcfk@pep.com.cn

人 民 教 育 出 版 社 ”课程 教材 研究 所
英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心
2019 年 4 月
出 于 自用 和 兴趣 ， 收 集 了 相关 系列 的 课本 和 文档 。

非常 重要 声明 : 我 们 收集 的 文档 全 部 都 来 源 于 网 络 ， 所 有 版 权
都 归 相 关 出 版 社 ， 如 果 冒 犯 你 的 权益 ， 我 们 会 进行 相关 处 理 。 请 广
大 使 用 者 在 使 用 过 程 中 务必 注意 这 一 点 。

我 们 努力 收集 相关 的 教材 ， 练 习 ， 教 案 及 相关 文档 ， 只 为 自己
提供 便利 ， 可 能 也 为 你 提供 方便 。

如 果 想 查询 更 多 资料 可 咨询 我 们 。

