L ENGLISH

选择 性 必修

ENGLISH

选择 性 必修

第 四 册

人 民 教 育 出 版 社 “课程 教材 研究 所
英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心

(中

(美国 ) 圣 8 学

A Ad: A IH

“北京 ，

- 习 集

团

编著

: XG ABE
: 吴 IK 张 献 臣

型 册
8

Ht

编写 人 员 : Patrick Wallace Tim Gibbs Simon McCue Jacqueline Eu
BK SAI VE 平 常 贞

责任 编辑 : Me SAS Sy
美术 编辑 : 胡 白 珂

普通 高 中 教科 书 ”英语 ”选择 性 必修 “第 四 册

(中 国 ) 人 民 教 育 出 版 社 “课程 教材 研究 所

英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心 编著

(美国 ) 圣 智 学 习 集 团

版 Ad Ax Am
〈 北 京 市 海淀 区 中 关 村 南大 街 17 SBE 1 号 楼 ABA: 100081 )

址 http://www.pep.com.cn

印 “北京 出 版 集团 有 限 责 任 公司

北京 新 华 书店

北京 恒 艺 博 缘 印 务 有 限 公司

2020 年 8 月 第 1 版

2021 年 1 月 第 1 次 印刷

890 毫米 x 1240 2K 1/16

8

220 千 字

ISBN 978-7-107-35096-2

9.30 元

价格 依据 文件 号 : 京 发 改 规 [2016 ] 13 号

FF
Ee

SREReARS

SUES S BA

A a dt BH

版 权 所 有 “ ARSE RT ASR AE fal 7 Se HAN ETB) + 违 者 必 究
如 发 现 内容 质 量 问题 ， 请 登录 中 小 学 教材 意见 反馈 平台 : jeyjfk.pep.com.en
如 发 现 印 、 装 质量 问题 ， 影 响 阅读 ， 请 与 北京 出 版 集团 有 限 责任 公司 联系 调换 。 电 话 : 010-58572293 58572393

绿色 印刷 保护 环境 “爱护 健康
亲爱 的 同学 们 ;

I Re ir sco eer dak tg 在 它 的 封底 印 有 “绿色 印刷 产品 ”标志 。 从 2013 年 秋季
起 ， 区 出 版 并 使 用 的 义务 教育 阶段 中 小 学 教科 书 全 部 采用 绿色 印刷 。

按照 下 下 区 (Hins0s 90) Coons 志 产 品 技术 要 求 ”印刷 第 一 部 分 : 平版 印刷 》， 绿 色 印 刷 和
用 环保 型 纸张 、 油 墨 、 胶 水 等 原 辅 材料 ,生产 过 程 注 重 闻 能 减 排 ， 印 刷 产 品 符合 人 体 健康 要 求 。
让 我 们 携 起 手 来 ， 支 持 绿色 印刷 ， 选 择 绿色 印刷 产品 ， 共 同 关爱 环境 ， 一 起 健康 成 长 = —e

京

《普通 高 中 教科 书 ” 英语》 是 为 了 适应 新 时 代 的 发 展 需要 ， 依 据 《 普 通 高 中 英语 课程 标
准 ( 2017 年 版 )》 的 精神 ， 充 分 征求 广大 师 生 的 反馈 意见 ， 在 《普通 高 中 课程 标准 实验 教科
书 英语》 的 基础 上 精心 修订 而 成 。 此 次 教材 修订 的 主要 目的 是 : 全 面 落实 立 德 树 人 根本 任
务 ， 培 育 社会 主义 核心 价值 观 ， 弘 扬中 华 优秀 文化 ， 充 分 体现 英语 课程 工具 性 和 人 文 性 的 统

一 ， 发 展 学 生 的 语言 能 力 、 文 化 意识 、 思 维 品 质 和 学 习 能 力 等 英语 学 科 核心 素养 ， 充 分 体现
英语 学 科 特 殊 的 育 人 价值 ， 培 养 具 有 中 国情 怀 、 国 际 视野 和 跨 文 化 沟通 能 力 的 社会 主义 建设
者 和 接班 人 。

修订 后 的 教材 主要 具有 以 下 特点 :

注重 思想 引领 教材 融入 了 社会 主义 核心 价值 观 的 基本 内 容 和 要 求 ， 注 重 培养 学 生 良 好
的 政治 素质 、 道 德 品质 和 健全 人 格 ， 弘 扬中 华 优 秀文 化 ， 增 强 文化 自信 ， 引 导 学生 形 成 正确
的 世界 观 、 人 生 观 和 价值 观 。

RANKER ”教材 充分 反映 当代 社会 发 展 新 变化 、 科 技 进 步 新 成 果 ， 展 示 新 时 代 中 国
特色 社会 主义 新 成 就 ， 将 先进 的 教育 思想 和 理念 融入 教材 之 中 ， 同 时 紧密 结合 学 生 的 学 习 和
生活 实际 ， 关 注 信息 化 环境 下 学 生 的 发 展 需求 。

强调 语言 实践 ”教材 以 英语 学 习 活动 观 为 指导 ， 以 主题 为 引领 ， 以 语 篇 为 依托 ， 通 过 板
块 式 设计 将 语言 知识 与 听 、 说 、 读 、 看 、 写 等 技能 有 机 整合 ， 强 调 学 习 过 程 和 学 习 策 略 ， 突
出 活动 目标 ， 让 学 生 用 语言 做 事情 ， 在 实践 中 培养 语言 运用 能 力 和 创新 思维 。

突出 文化 意识 ”教材 通过 展示 多 姿 多 彩 的 中 外 文化 来 培养 学 生 对 中 华文 化 的 认同 和 传承 ，
加 深 对 人 类 优秀 文化 的 学 习 和 鉴赏 ， 通 过 让 学 生 分 析 中 外 文化 异同 ， 发 展 其 多 元 思维 和 批判
性 思维 ， 增 强 学 生 跨 文化 理解 和 跨 文化 沟通 能 力 ， 构 建 人 类 命运 共同 体 意识 。

激发 学 习 动机 ”教材 以 真实 性 、 趣 味 性 、 规 范 性 和 经 典 性 作为 内 容 选 编 原 则 ， 主 题 覆 盖
面 广 ， 语 篇 题材 和 体裁 丰富 ， 活 动 呈现 形式 多 样 ， 版 式 设计 生动 活泼 且 富有 美感 ， 力 求 激发
学 生 的 学 习 兴趣 和 动机 ， 引 发 他 们 积极 思考 、 主 动 参与 语言 实践 活动 ， 提 升 英语 学 习 效率 。

满足 不 同 需求 ”教材 编排 内 容 和 活动 设计 既 充分 考虑 学 生 的 共同 基础 ， 又 兼顾 学 生 不 同
的 能 力 水 平和 学 习 需 求 , 提供 了 拓展 性 的 教学 内 容 , 为 教师 灵活 使 用 教材 进行 教学 提供 了 便利 ，
也 切实 促进 学 生 的 个 性 发 展 。

本 套 教 材 为 高 中 英语 教学 提供 了 丰富 的 教学 资源 。 希 望 教材 能 够 帮助 同学 们 打下 坚实 的
语言 基础 ， 提 高 英语 水 平 ， 获 得 全 面 发 展 ; 同时 也 希望 老师 们 能 够 充分 利用 教材 ， 在 实践 中
不 断 完 善 教学 ， 取 得 良好 的 教学 效果 。

编者
2019 年 4 月

| SE erp RRR SST er PRE ARR IP RAT SRE CREAT REPT ST I TS SS,

CONTENTS

Theme Reading Listening
UNIT 1 Satisfaction Guaranteed Robots and Al
: SCIENCE Compare and contrast Listen for discourse
.1 markers
s F | CTI 0 N The Time Machine
The Evos
Journey to the Centre of the.Earth
UNIT 2 A Travel Blog 人 oo ie
lew Zealan
ICONIC Take notes
Sum up
p.13 ATTRACTIONS The Amazing Animals of Australia
‘ Attractions of
What's Cooking in Australia? Cape Town
UNIT 3 Reaching Out Across the Sea Whale watching cam
p. 25 S EA Identify essay types Listen for sequence
EXPLO RATION Opinions on Sea Exploration Interviewing the shart
A Sea of Plastic espe
UNIT 4 Volunteering in the Bush peal volunteering
p. 37 SHARI NG Adjust reading speed Recognise examples
China’s Aid to Other Countries A volunteering
The World’s Most Useful Gifts eee ey
UNIT 5 Working Out What You Want to Do Choose a university
major
LAU N C H | N G Use charts and graphs
p. 49 Identify references
YOU R Summer Camp Helpers Wanted :
CAREER High school
Does Practice Really Make Perfect? counselling
WORKBOOK Unit 1 p.61
Unit2  p.68
Unit3  p.75
Unit4 p.82

Unit5 _p.89

Speaking
Changing the topic

|

|

Describing special
features of a place

Expressing
Sequence

Making
| suggestions

Pronunciation:
stress

Expressing choices,
wishes, intentions,
and opinions

Writing

A sci-fi short
story

A description of
an iconic animal

An argumentative
essay on sea
exploration

A speech about
China’s aid to
other countries

An application
letter and a CV

APPENDICES

Structure

Review of the passive
voice

Review of past

participles

Review of the infinitive

Review of phrases

Review of long

*Project * ideo Time

Design a robot or an

Al device

Introduce an iconic

attraction in your city

or town

Create a poster for
World Oceans Day

Create a poster for
volunteer work

Make a speech

Mysterious Crop
Circles

The Mbantua
Festival

Deep into the
Sea

Breaking
Volunteering
Boundaries

A Teen’s Passion

sentences about your future for His Work
career
Notes p. 96
Grammar p. 102
Words and Expressions in Each Unit p. 196
Vocabulary p. 114
Irregular Verbs p. 117
ce fiction is
act.

@) 2

2

Reading and Thinking

Explore the relationship between humans and robots

1 How do robots already help humans in their lives today? What do you think a
domestic robot could do for a family in the future?

Read the story below, which was originally written by famous science

fiction writer Isaac Asimov. Take notes on who these people are and their

relationships to each other.

© Larry Belmont © Claire
© Tony © Gladys Claffern

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
(Adapted)

Larry Belmont worked for a company
m that made robots. Recently it had
begun experimenting with a

household robot. It was going

to be tested out by Larry's
wife, Claire.

Claire didn't want the robot
in her house, especially as
her husband would be away
on a business trip for three weeks,

but Larry persuaded her that the robot
wouldn't harm her or allow her to be
harmed. It would be a bonus. However,
when she first saw the robot, she felt
alarmed. His name was Tony. He seemed
more like a human than a machine. He was
tall and handsome with smooth hair and a
deep voice, although his facial expression
never changed.

On the second morning, Tony brought her
breakfast and then asked her whether she
needed help dressing. She felt embarrassed
and quickly told him to go. Now she was
being looked after by a robot that looked
so human, and it was disturbing.

One day, Claire mentioned that she didn't
think she was clever. Tony said that she
must feel very unhappy to say that. Claire
thought it was ridiculous that she was being
offered sympathy by a robot, but she
gradually admired his wisdom and integrity
and began to trust him. He always treated
her with dignity. She told him how she was

UNIT 1 SCIENCE FICTION

Compare and contrast

Some words and phrases are often used

to compare and contrast information. It is
easier to understand two separate things by
describing their similarities and differences.

unhappy that her home wasn't elegant
enough for Larry, who wanted to improve
his social position with a bigger salary. She
wasn't like Gladys Claffern, one of the
richest and most powerful women around.

As a favour, Tony promised to help Claire
make herself more beautiful and her home
more elegant. So Claire borrowed some
library books for him to read, or rather, scan.
She looked at his fingers with wonder as
they turned each page. How absurd, she
thought. He was just a machine.

Tony gave Claire a new hairstyle and
improved her makeup. As he was not
allowed to accompany her to the shops,
he wrote out a list of things that he would
need for his work on the house. Claire went
downtown and bought these things. She
had an appointment to paint her nails, then
she went into an expensive clothes shop.
The saleswoman there was rude to her, so
she rang Tony and told him she was being
treated badly. He spoke to the woman,
who immediately changed her attitude.
Claire thanked Tony, telling him that he
was a "dear". As she turned around, there
stood Gladys Claffern. How awful to be
discovered by her, Claire thought. By the
look on her face, Claire knew that Gladys
thought they were in a relationship. After
all, she knew Claire's husband's name was
Larry, not Tony. Although it was completely
innocent, Claire felt guilty.
When Claire got home, she wept. Gladys
was everything Claire wished to be. Tony
told her she was being sensitive and was
just as good as Gladys. He suggested that
she invite Gladys and her friends to the
house the night before he was to leave
and Larry was to return. By that time, Tony
expected that the house, which was being
completely transformed, would be ready.

Tony worked steadily on the improvements.
Claire tried to help by working on a light
suspended from the ceiling, but she fell off
the ladder. Even though Tony had been in

How do you think this story will end? Work in groups and come up with an ending.

the next room, he managed to catch her in
time. As he held her, she felt the warmth of
his body. She screamed, pushed him away,
and ran to her room.

The night of the party arrived. The clock
struck eight. The guests would be arriving
soon, so Claire dismissed Tony for the rest of
the night. At that moment, Tony took her in
his arms, bringing his face close to hers. She
heard him declare that he did not want
to leave her the next day, and that he felt
more than just the desire to please her. Then
the front door bell rang.

Then listen to the rest of the story. How different is it from your ending?

Claire’s feelings towards Tony changed as the story developed. Review the

story, and then complete the chart.

Occasion

Claire ...
_1 before he arrived disliked him
2 was alarmed
3 ' felt embarrassed
4 admired him

Complete the diagram with the similarities and differences between Tony and
a human being. Then use the words in the boxes to describe the similarities

and differences.

Comparison

the same as
similarly more like
justas in comparison
in the same way

similar to

Contrast

different from but
while whereas
although however
on the other hand
in contrast

EXAMPLE

Occasion Claire...
5 called him a dear
6 felt his warmth
ff felt being envied
8 cried all night

Tony

Human being

facial expression

smooth Changes often

hair

A human being’s facial expression changes often, whereas Tony's never changes.

Discuss the questions in pairs.

1 Do you think it is possible for a person to love a robot? Why?
2 What relationship do you think will develop between humans and robots in the future?

UNIT 1 SCIENCE FICTION

3

4

Learning About Language

Build up your vocabulary

1

Replace the underlined parts with words of similar meanings from the text.
Rewrite the sentences if necessary.

1 We believe he is a man of absolute honesty, and trust his words completely.

2 Henry told me that he was in a hurry as he had arranged to see the dentist at 10:00 a.m.

3 Rumours are like sharp knives, cutting one’s self-respect into pieces. We should be aware
of this and not spread unkind news around.

4 Because of the holiday, the students were allowed to go home early.

5 Whoever is charged with a crime should be presumed innocent until proven otherwise.

Match each word with the proper definition below.

1 income A money that someone is paid regularly, usually monthly, by the
organisation he or she is working for

2 fee B money given for work done, goods received, etc.

3 fare C money paid for work or services, typically on a daily or weekly basis

4 payment D extra amount of money added to somebody’s wages as a reward for

hard work or good performance

5 salary E money received from work, investments and so on

6 bonus F money paid to a professional person or organisation for advice or
services

7 saving G money paid for a journey on public transport, such as the bus, train,
or taxi

8 wage H money saved for a special purpose

Complete the passage using the correct forms of the words in the box. Then
in pairs share your opinion on Al development.

fascinating testout dismiss science fiction morelike dignity intelligent

It would not be surprising if we found it difficult to distinguish between reality and
in the future. For example, robots first appeared in sci-fi novels, but now robot soldiers have
already been in war. Robot experts have also built robots that can see, talk, and
do other things like humans. Although a robot that looks a human than a machine
could make many people a bit uncomfortable, we have to admit that it is a
possibility. Sophia, currently said to be the most advanced Al robot in the world, is a great
example. She has been interviewed many times, appeared on the covers of magazines,
and become the first non-human in the world to be given citizenship by a country. When it
comes to games, 2017 became a year in which Al defeated humans in so many games that
Al researchers say that it will not be long before Al can win at almost everything. So have we
lost the of being the most intelligent creature? Maybe in the future, as Al becomes
even more , it will become a major threat to humans. However, some people
this fear. They believe if Al can handle tasks like calculating and driving for us, we
will have more time for creating, thinking, and “being human”.

UNIT 1 SCIENCE FICTION

Review useful structures

1

Scan the reading text and underline all the verbs in the passive voice. Then
discuss with a partner why the passive voice is used.

Complete the sentences with appropriate forms of the verbs in brackets.
Then try to translate these sentences into Chinese.

1 What is done cannot . (undo)

2 Janet chairwoman of the student union last month. (elect)

3 Two hundred grammes of flour should to the cake mix. (add)

4 A3,000-seat venue for the circus performance in November. (build)

5 Working efficiency since this new software was adopted. (improve)

6 Only one piece of carry-on luggage for each economy class passenger. (allow)

7 \tis a great honour for me to to address this international Al conference. (invite)

8 When | entered the room, | found that the salesman’s salary at the meeting.
(discuss)

9 With exams being adapted into Braille, a blind senior high school student scored 630
points out of 650 in the College Entrance Examination. He is expected to toa

top university. (admit)

Read the introduction to a science fiction novel and complete the passage
using the correct forms of the words in the box.

explore translate discover regard represent
set up recruit write get caught up connect

Science fiction by many people as a mirror through which our future can be freely
imagined and . The Three-Body Problem, by Chinese writer Liu Cixin,
is one of those astonishing predictions about the future. The work was first published in a
Chinese sci-fi magazine in 2006 and printed as a three-volume book in 2008. When the first
volume into English by Chinese-American author Ken Liu, it attracted attention
around the world, becoming the first Asian winner of the Hugo Award for Best Novel. The
book many themes such as space exploration, alien contact, Al, and the future of
humans.

Jie Ties feds Problem begins with the stories of two unrelated people, Ye Wenjie and Wang
os join a secret project in a remote area of China, een

iscovers it is more than a game—it uncovers a great danger
. How are these two people’s stories ? And how will
ure and the civilisations of other planets? Answers to all these
Using Language

Voice your opinions on robots and Al

1 Look at the pictures and discuss the questions in pairs.
1 What jobs are these robots doing? What are the pros and cons of robots doing these jobs?
2 What kinds of robots or Al developments do you hope for?

() 2 Listen to an interview and put these statements in the correct order.

1 ”The host introduces the guest, a sci-fi expert.

The expert has robots in his home.

As robots become more intelligent, they may also become more dangerous.
The host mentions Asimov's Three Laws of Robotics.

The expert says robots will have occupations such as teaching and nursing.
The line between humans and robots will be more blurred in the future.

The host asks about benefits and problems.

The host asks if there are robots in the expert’s home.

In sci-fi stories, robots often become superior and take over.

() 3 Listen to the interview again and
write down the discourse markers
that you hear. Make a note of how Discourse HS, nai to

+4 后 | organise a text y Marking sequence,
- discourse marker is used in Gontrastiopinion spur peserandse
the interview. Then compare your on. Listening for discourse markers

answers with a partner. can help you understand a text more
easily. For example, first, however,
above all, in order to, etc.

Listen for discourse markers

6 UNIT 1 SCIENCE FICTION
4

In groups, discuss what the expert thinks of the questions and exchange your
own views. You may use the following expressions to help you.

Changing the topic

Oh, by the way, ... Oh, I remember, ...
What I meant to tell/ask you is ...

That reminds me of ...

I think we ought to move on to ...

Oh, there was something I meant to tell you.

I nearly forgot! …

.., but (perhaps) thats beside the point.
The next item on the agenda is ...

On the one hand ... On the other hand ...
Could I change the subject?

1 What do you know about robot technology? What can robots do?
2 What benefits do you think robots or Al will bring? Do you think they will cause problems as

well?

3 Do you know anything about Isaac Asimov and his famous Three Laws of Robotics? What

do you think of these laws?

e THREE LAWS OF ROBOTICS e

LAW 1

A ROBOT MAY NOT INJURE A
HUMAN BEING, OR, THROUGH
INACTION, ALLOW A HUMAN
BEING TO COME TO HARM.

LAW 3

LAW 2

A ROBOT MUST OBEY THE ORDERS
GIVEN IT BY HUMAN BEINGS EXCEPT
WHERE SUCH ORDERS WOULD
CONFLICT WITH THE FIRST LAW.

A ROBOT MUST PROTECT ITS OWN &
EXISTENCE AS LONG AS SUCH
PROTECTION DOES NOT CONFLICT
WITH THE FIRST OR SECOND LAW.

EXAMPLE

A: Oh, by the way, | saw a programme about robot doctors last night. It was very interesting.
Do you think robots will do more of these important jobs in the future?

B: Certainly. They will probably do most of our labour for us.

C: Maybe, but that’s beside the point. In my opinion, robots are dangerous! They are much
stronger than we are and may be superior to us in the future.

4)

8

Using Language_

Write a sci-fi short story

1 In groups, discuss what you would do if you could time travel.

2 The Time Machine was written in 1895 by famous science fiction writer H.G.
Wells. Read an extract from this story, and find out how many times the Time
Traveller started the machine.

THE TIME MACHINE (Adapted)

It was at ten o'clock today that the first of all Time Machines
began its career. | gave it a last check, and sat myself in the
leather seat. | pushed the starting lever on the main panel
forwards an inch then immediately backwards again. Looking
around, | saw my laboratory exactly as before. Had anything
happened? | thought my mind had tricked me. Then | saw the
clock. A moment before, it was a minute or so past ten; now it was
nearly half past three!

| drew a breath, gripped the lever and pushed it forwards. The laboratory went hazy
around me. My niece came in to fetch something, maybe her handkerchief, apparently
without seeing me. It probably took her a minute, but to me she moved like a rocket! |
pushed the lever further. Night came as if a lamp was being turned out, and in another
moment came the day. Tomorrow night came, then skipped to day, again and again,
faster and faster still. :

It is hard to explain the strange and unpleasant feeling of time travelling. It felt like | was
being driven fast on a winding road. As my pace grew faster, the walls of the laboratory
fell away, and | was left in the open air. The sun and moon looked as if they were being
thrown across the sky, but soon there was division between night and day. Around me
| saw trees growing like puffs of smoke; they grew, spread, and died in moments. | saw
huge buildings rise up, then
disappear like in a dream.
The whole surface of the
earth was being changed,
melting and flowing before
my eyes. | calculated that |
was being pushed through
time at hundreds of years a
minute.

| had a strong urge to look
at the random things that
were being flashed before
my eyes! | had thought
about the risk of stopping

UNIT 1 SCIENCE FICTION

the Time Machine many times. So long as | travelled at maximum speed, it didn't
matter. But if | stopped and the same space was being occupied by something
else, we would be forced together and explode like a bomb! Like an impatient
fool, | pulled the lever backwards hard. With a sudden jolt, the Time Machine was
flipped on its side, and | was thrown through the air.

| was stunned for a moment, and then heard the sound of thunder. | was sitting in
the rain in some mud next to the machine. “A fine welcome," | said, “for a man
who has travelled thousands of years to be here!”

Read the text again and answer the questions.

1 How does the Time Traveller first know he has travelled through time?

2 How does the Time Traveller feel when travelling through time? What rhetorical devices
does the writer use to describe his feelings?

3 Why is the Time Traveller worried about stopping the machine?

4 Where does the Time Machine arrive when the man finally stops it?

Work in groups. Discuss what might happen next in the story. Use the following
questions to help you-and make brief notes. Then present your story to the class.

e What date do you think it is when the Time Traveller finally stops?
e What do you think is different about that time from the time he left?
e Who or what do you think the Time Traveller will meet?

¢ What adventures do you think he will have in the future?

e Do you think he will ever return to his own time?

Imagine and write your own story about a time machine you will invent, and your
journey through time. Use the story and the guide below to help you.

1 Think about what your machine will look like. Is it a vehicle or
a machine?

2 How does your time machine work? What do you have to
do to make it work?

3 What period in time do you want to travel to? Think about
interesting things and people you would like to see there.

4 Imagine what it might feel like to travel through time. Think
of words to describe this and make your story as vivid as
possible.

5 Include rhetorical devices in your story, like metaphors, similes,
overstatements, etc.

Exchange your draft with a partner and
revise the draft using your partner's
comments.

Share your story with the rest of the class.

UNIT 1 SCIENCE FICTION

Assessing Your Progress

1 Complete the following sentences using the correct forms of the words in
the box.

fetch = superiorto _—calculate —hhave an urge to
suspend dismiss explode pace

1 Batteries are not allowed by airlines in checked luggage, as they might due to
overheating.

2 The new generation of smartphones is greatly older version.

3 Since | don’t have much time, | need to how long it will take me to do the

task.

Ordered by its master, the Al dog the book from the bookshelf.

| was so pleased to hear the bell ring and our teacher announce, “Class is .

The company has to the space exploration project due to financial problems.

City people are experiencing increasing psychological pressure as a result of a faster

of life and rising competition.

8 At one time or another, each of us probably break the routine of daily life and

try something new.

NOash

2 Read and complete the following sentences with appropriate forms of the
words in brackets. Then think about why the passive voice is used in these

sentences.

1 Mobile phones must during the concert. (switch off)

2 When! came here at this time last year, the conference hall . (build)

3 Topics like life in the future, Al development, and aliens in sci-fi. (often found)

4 Do you know which country by Italy, Austria, Germany, and France? (border)

5 Continuous research on smart schools, smart homes, and smart cities.
(conduct)

6 It should that the result of your examinations will not . (note;
publicise)

7 it that more species will become extinct if we continue to destroy the
ecosystem. (assume)

8 Al members of the audience should smartly, and the wearing of slippers

in the concert hall. (dress; not allow)

© What interesting things about science fiction did you learn in this unit?

What new vocabulary and structures did you learn in this unit? How well can you
use them?

Do you think comparing and contrasting, and listening for discourse markers were
useful strategies for you to understand the texts?

What problems did you have with this unit? How did you solve them?
Overall, | thought this unit was © inspiring © useful © so-so © difficult.

10 UNIT1 SCIENCE FICTION
* Project: Design a robot or an Al device

1

In groups, do some research about robots or Al devices in sci-fi films and
novels, and write a list of as many robot characters or Al devices as you can
think of. Use the Internet to help you.

the Star Wars movies Wall-E Big Hero Six
the Transformers movies Pacific Rim the Foundation Series

2

Make a table like the one below and fill in the parts for different robot
characters and Al devices on your List.

Movie/Novel Name Characteristic En Unique quality
Ability
Siar Wars R2-D2 Brave, funny, Co-pilot, hack He speaks in beeps and
mischievous computers whistles

Create your own robot character or Al device. Consider the following
questions and make notes.

What is your robot or Al device called? Why?

What does it look like? Why?

What can your robot or Al device do? Why and how?

Does it have a personality or specific function? If so, what is it like?
What makes your robot or Al device unique?

akon —

Prepare your design for submission to a science fair using the following
guidelines.

» Design a poster or slide presentation showing your creation, including a name, title, and
pictures of your robot or Al device.

» Write a description of the robot or Al device.

» Make a presentation using your poster or slides.

UNIT 1 SCIENCE FICTION

12

* Video Time dm

1
2

aie

What do you think these patterns represent?

Who or what do you think made these patterns and how?

WHILE YOU WATCH

Answer these questions.

1

ah won

Who do some people think the circles are made by?

Why did Mr Presley decide to find out more about the circles?
Where were other types of circles found?

Why do Matthew and his team like making crop circles?

What does Matthew think some people use the crop circles for?

AFTER YOU WA T CH

Discuss the following questions in groups.

1

2

Do you believe crop circles are all made by humans or by aliens? What do you think the
crop circles represent?

What kind of crop circle would you create? Discuss and decide on its appearance and
meaning. Draw it on a large sheet of paper. Then present it to the rest of the class.

UNIT 1 SCIENCE FICTION

2 Whatever makes an impression.
~ on the heart seems lovely in
the eye.

—Saadi

Reading and Thinking

Experience the iconic features of Australia

1 Work in groups and discuss the questions.

1 What is the first thing you think of when you think about Australia?
2 What is your impression of Australia based on your experience and/or what you have seen
in the media?

™@) 2 Skim the text. Match the blog entries to the subheadings. Write the blog
entry numbers in the blanks. Two are extra.

The foundation of Australia First impressions
Reflections on multiculturalism Preparing to travel
Political divisions Aborigines and the didgeridoo

25 Sep

Next week I’m travelling to Australia to visit a friend there over the school holidays. |
plan to keep this blog to record my experiences and what | learn. | have already done
some research on the country. Located to the south of the equator, below many other
countries on the globe, it’s often informally referred to as “down under”.

| have also read about some iconic sites, such as the Sydney Opera House and the
Great Ocean Road, and animals like the cute koalas and kangaroos. | can't wait to see
all of them! However, as | major in social studies, I'm more interested in meeting people
in Australia and experiencing their culture, food, and way of life.

1 Oct

I'm here in Sydney! Since | arrived, my friend has brought me to my first open-air
barbecue and has also shared many different but yummy meals with me, so my first
impressions of Australia have been all about food! A lot
of typical Australian food, such as the Sunday roast, is
originally British. Bakeries, fast-food joints, butcher shops,
cafes, and restaurants everywhere provide some of the
premier food experiences in the world. The influence of
Asian cultures, on the other hand, led to the introduction
of bean curd and Asian herbs, along with Australian
dim sim versions of foods like the Chinese-inspired dim sim.

3 Oct

My friend and | have arrived in Katherine, a town in Australia’s Northern Territory. We're
here to learn about the life and customs of the Aborigines, who are native to Australia.
The Aboriginal population might be small, but its influence is still visible. For example,
“Bondi” in “Bondi Beach” is an Aboriginal word meaning “water breaking over rocks”.

To survive in this vast land on the ocean, the Aborigines had to be in close contact
with nature. This shows in their music, too, which celebrates the natural world and the

14 UNIT 2 ICONIC ATTRACTIONS
spiritual world around them. Most of their
musical instruments are really just sticks
found on the ground, among which
there is an amazing instrument called the
didgeridoo.

The didgeridoo is made from a tree
branch which is hollow. To play the
didgeridoo, you put your mouth on
one end and blow while vibrating your lips. Unlike a horn, there are no finger holes.
The didgeridoo player has to change the shape of his mouth in order to change pitch.
A skilled player can play for a long time without stopping to breathe. He does this by
continually breathing in through his nose while breathing out through his mouth and into
the didgeridoo. | tried to learn how to play it, but after trying for hours, | was convinced that
| could never make a musical sound with this instrument!

6 Oct

It's almost time for me to say goodbye to Australia. I've enjoyed my time here very much.
After being here for a while, my biggest impression is the complicated mix of peoples and
cultures that make up the nation. Although the main cultural influence since 1788 has been
Western culture, minority cultures have also played a part in shaping the unique Australian
culture, with many of the new cultural influences contributed by immigrants. It is said that
now nearly half of all Australian citizens were either born overseas or have parents who
were born overseas.

Personally speaking, what | like most about Australia is the people themselves. They have a
straightforward and free-and-easy attitude towards life, and their friendliness and warmth
made me feel at home wherever | went. 0}

After experiencing Australia, | have to say that | agree with the Take notes

tourism slogan: “There’s nothing like Australia.” When you read a passage,
sometimes it helps to take

notes so that you can better

Read the text again and take notes. Then use your remember sng angeeand
fol fs Fa what you have learnt. When
notes to answer the following questions. you take notes, it is good to

write down the important

1 What does “down under” mean? : >
facts just using key words

2 How has Australian cuisine been influenced by different

cultures? Give two examples. words. You can also use
3 What is the main theme reflected in Aboriginal music and abbreviations, such as “Aus” for
why? “Australia” and “N” for “north”,

and use symbols such as “&”

4 What are the writer’s first and biggest impressions of for “and”

Australia? Why?
Did you find your notes helpful? Discuss how your notes can be improved.

Work in groups. Discuss what iconic Chinese attractions you would like to
introduce to a foreigner and explain why.

UNIT 2 ICONIC ATTRACTIONS

and ignore many of the small

15

re
16

Learning About Language

Build up your vocabulary

1 Write down the word that matches each definition. Make a sentence with
each word.

1 an imaginary line around the earth at an equal distance from the North
and South Poles

an outdoor meal with food cooked on a metal frame over a fire

a plant that is used to improve the taste of food, or to make medicine
someone who owns or works in a shop that sells meat

the establishing of a new institution or organisation

ah Wh

2 Read the following pairs of sentences and find out which underlined word
has the same meaning as the one used in the reading text.

1 A The partners agreed to make a joint effort to meet the project deadlines.
B There are many burger joints in Bondi Beach, one of Australia’s most famous tourist spots.

2 A The premier of the Australian government is called the Prime Minister.
B The Sydney Opera House is a performing arts centre in Sydney. It is one of the 20th
century’s premier buildings.

3 A Australian English is particularly different from other types of English in its pronunciation,
so it is rather straightforward to recognise an Australian accent.
B Many Australians have a straightforward approach to life.

4 AAminority of frogs in the forest are poisonous, and locals extract the poison to use on the
tips of their arrows.
B Ethnic minority groups in China are often entitled to special funds from the government to
help protect their cultural heritage.

3 Read an advertisement on Thailand's iconic attractions. Fill in the blanks
using the correct forms of the words in brackets.

Thailand is a premier holiday destination, attracting tourists from all over the world. Consisting of
76 provinces that (stretch) all the way down to Malaysia in the south, the country
has a lot to offer and is a great getaway. A major attraction of Thailand is its amazing selection
of islands, each with long sandy beaches and clear blue water. Visitors to the beaches can enjoy
many activities, (include) diving, kayaking, and rock climbing. Finding the islands
is not (complicate), and there are a variety of islands to suit all tastes. Be careful,
however, not to go to popular islands during peak season, unless you want to

(wrestle) with other tourists! Many tourists also enjoy visiting Chiang Mai to see the beautiful

elephants, the national animal and proud (iconic) of Thailand. Unfortunately,
elephants are (endanger) in Thailand, but special parks have been set up to
protect their safety and freedom. Visitors can see these (amaze) creatures in their

natural domain, and also sponsor an elephant to preserve its health and liberty.

UNIT 2 ICONIC ATTRACTIONS
Review useful structures

Work in groups and read the text again to find as many examples of past
participles as possible. Then discuss whether each past participle functions
as an attribute, adverbial, predicative, or object complement.

EXAMPLE

Located to the south of the equator, below many other countries on the globe, it is often

informally referred to as “down under”. (located/adverbial)

Fill in the blanks with the help of the beginning letters. Then rewrite the
sentences without using past participles and recognise the difference.

1D into 32 counties, Ireland brings in hundreds of thousands of visitors each

year due to its golf tourism.

2 Cuba is just south of America, s from it only by the Straits of Florida. It is a

country k for its exciting music and dancing.

3 With many parts of the world not m yet, researchers have begun a project that

involves travelling around the world and taking sample photographs.

4 1 by the first European settlers to Australia, the Sunday roast is now considered

typical Australian food.

5 E to the freezing weather, many brave tourists and scientists still choose to

visit Antarctica.

6 | by Chinese culture, many capital cities now have Chinatowns which are in

themselves popular tourist attractions.

Below is a passage about the history of the Eiffel Tower before it was
considered an iconic attraction. The text contains quite a few verb form

mistakes. Correct the mistakes on your own. Then compare your corrections

with a partner.

The Eiffel Tower is the most famous landmark in France, and one of the
most visiting monuments in the world. But it wasn’t always so popular.
In fact, in 1886, just after its construction was first propose, many were
strongly against it. At that time, it would have been the tallest building in
the world, and many claim it would destroy the skyline of Paris, or perhaps
even destroy some historic landmarks. The chief engineer, Gustave Eiffel,
replied say that such a large monument was necessary to symbolise the
great efforts of the French people as well as the great advancements in
modern engineering, industry, and science. The next year, Eiffel gains
approval and the tower was built in time to celebrate the 1889 World Fair
in Paris. If you look carefully at the tower, you can still see the names of the
72 scientists, engineers, and mathematicians who help in its construction.
Originally, the tower was planned to be taken down after 20 years, but it
proved to be too useful as a communications tower, not to mention a giant
advertisement board, before finally becomes the iconic attraction that we
all know today.

UNIT 2 ICONIC ATTRACTIONS

17

Using Language

Discuss what best represents a place

1 What do you know about New Zealand? Do some research to find out more about
the following. Which attracts you the most?

3 a kiwi bird 5 a sulphuric pool 8 a flock of sheep

() 2 Listen toaradio programme called Amazing New Zealand. Three speakers
are talking about what they believe to best represent New Zealand. Match the
speakers with their jobs and their choices.

Dave Edmonds writer of the Fantastic Life blog the geothermal parks
Felicity James business journalist the New Zealand experience
Jane Smith editor of World Nature magazine the Bay of Islands

©) 3 Listen again and take notes. List the reasons given by the speakers why these
three things best represent New Zealand.

the Bay of Islands: the geothermal parks: the New Zealand experience:

18 UNIT 2 ICONIC ATTRACTIONS

() 4 Howdo the speakers sum up their opinions?

Complete their sentences with the words you hear. So ap
When people talk about the
1 , the Bay of Islands is really what best same subject for a long time,
represents New Zealand. they often end by stating the
main point of their talk. Such
2 _ ,theplacesthat best represent New summaries often begin with
Zealand are the geothermal parks. phrases such as In summary,

To sum up, All in all, In short,

3 , | would like to suggest that tourists not endear

just visit iconic places in New Zealand—they should
experience its culture.

5 In groups, discuss what best represents China. Brainstorm the following topics

and take notes.

e the cultural centre e the economic centre

the centre(s) of various cuisines e the music centre

the best place to see nature e the best place to experience history
e the most diverse region e the place with the best quality of life

6 Choose one place to give a presentation on. Use the expressions below to help you.
Describing special features of a place

It a leading ... Ifs home to/of ... Ifs famous/well-known for ...
It has/features ... Its a centre. Its the centre of ...

You can visit/see/enjoy ... Some of its attractions include ...

ItS one of the top/best ... in the world. .. allows people to ...

It$ celebrated around the world for ...

Describe an iconic animal

™@) 1 Read the text and then answer the questions on page 21.

THE AMAZING ANIMALS OF TRALIA

Our topic today is “Creatures Unique to Australia”, with questions answered by wildlife
expert, Dr Jim Smith.

Australia has lots of unique animals,
but which animal is a symbol of the country?

It has to be the kangaroo, as it has a wide distribution
throughout the country. It’s a tough animal that has
to survive in a difficult environment. Also, it cannot
walk backwards, so it is always moving forwards. This
expresses the strength and resolve of the Australians
as individuals and as a nation. Baby kangaroos weigh
only two grammes at birth. They then find their way

UNIT 2 ICONIC ATTRACTIONS ”19

Using Language

into their mother's pouch—a kind of pocket—to stay safe and warm. They sleep and drink
milk in that temporary, protected environment until they are about seven or eight months
old. After this phase, they go out to try their legs. After they learn to jump, they gradually
spend less time with their mother and learn to be independent. Kangaroos may look cute,
but encounters with them don’t always end so well. Kangaroos can hit and kick very hard, so

please folks, if you see some kangaroos, remember they're not for petting!

Koalas are cute, and we see so many pictures of people
holding them. But in many places in Australia, it is against the
law to even touch them. Can you clarify that?

They are really quite cute, but the truth is, koalas are very
sensitive creatures who can easily panic because of even
small changes in their environment. They spend quite
a lot of time eating, sleeping, and hanging onto tree
trunks, so interaction with humans can cause them a lot
of stress. Because of this, the government began to make

laws against touching koalas, in the interest of animal
protection, as well as public safety. So, if you see one in
the wild, you shouldn't approach it to pick it up or even
touch it. If you want to hold a koala, you have to go to
certain licensed zoos where animal experts make sure that
the koalas selected for each session are in a good state
for human contact and that they are handled for only a

limited time and on a limited frequency of occasions.

So, we’ve talked about some cute animals.
What about animals which aren’t so cute?

My favourite is a little creature called the Tasmanian devil.
If you are out camping in Tasmania and come across one,
the experience might scare you! Tasmanian devils hunt
at night, so you won't usually see them, but you may hear
their loud cries when they are fighting or eating. The noise
they make could wake the dead. Frightening! They are
about the size of small dogs and look like rather large
black rats. They also have a terrible smell! Their diet is
mostly dead animals. Fortunately, despite their name, they

are generally not violent towards people.

20 UNIT 2 ICONIC ATTRACTIONS
Australia also has some animals that many people
have never heard of, for example, the duck-billed
platypus. Is that some kind of bird?

Not at all. While it may lay eggs in a nest like a bird, it’s
really a primitive mammal, with a unique biology. lts eggs
hatch after about ten days, and then the baby platypus
nurses from its mother like all other mammals. Its nose
looks like a duck’s bill, and it has feet like a duck’s so it
can dive under the water, but it’s covered in hair. Do you
know what's really strange about a platypus? The platypus
doesn’t use its senses of sight or smell to find food. It has
a capacity to find food in the water by using electrical
sensors in its bill. There are only a small handful of animals
in the world that can do that!

When do baby kangaroos begin to spend less time with their mothers?

Why shouldn't you try to pet a wild kangaroo?

What do koalas spend most of their time doing?

Why has the government made it against the law to handle koalas?

What two things about Tasmanian devils can bother people most?

What do Tasmanian devils like to eat?

What makes the way duck-billed platypuses give birth so different from other mammals?
What is the unique way used by duck-billed platypuses to find food?

ONOOaRWD +

2 Read the text again. How does the writer describe these animals? Find at least
three rhetorical devices the writer uses to arouse the readers’ interest.

3 Write a description of an iconic animal in China.

1 In groups, brainstorm a list of four iconic animals.

2 Dosome research and make notes. For example:
e where they live

what they eat

what they look like

s how they are different from other animals

how they interact with people
* any other unusual or interesting facts about them

3 Using your notes, write a description of one of these animals. Remember to use some
rhetorical devices to make your writing vivid and interesting.

4 Exchange your draft with a partner. See whether the writer does a good job of
describing the animal. Take your draft back and revise it using your partner's
comments.

5 Present your description to the rest of your class.

UNIT 2 ICONIC ATTRACTIONS

21
22

Assessing Your Progress

1 Complete the sentences using the correct forms of the words in the box.
distribution violence frequency herb hatch capacity

1 The iconic Beijing National Stadium, also known as the “Bird’s Nest”, has a
of 80,000.

2 Special tiger reserves with fences have greatly improved the of the wild
tiger population across India, and local police are now entitled to give longer prison
sentences to hunters.

3 The of the boat trips between the islands falls greatly in bad weather when
stormy waves make such journeys especially difficult.

4 The largest native bird of Australia is the emu. Male emus are good fathers—after their

babies are , they take care of them until they are nine months old.
5 are an essential component of traditional Chinese medicine.
6 tornado storms have been known to cause severe damage in America’s

famous “Tornado Alley” area.

2 Fill in the blanks using the appropriate forms of the verbs in brackets. Then
reorder these sentences to make a passage. Find out the link between the
Grand Bazaar and the Silk Road.

A (construct) as part of a larger political plan, the market was established
to improve the city’s overall economy and prosperity.
B By the 17th century, the two markets and their surrounding areas had joined
together to create a giant market that became an important part of the Silk Road,
(link) Europe to Asia.
___C As for the future, (inspire) by its own history, the Grand Bazaar (AE
扎 集 市 ) is still growing, with many shops opening nearby, offering cheaper prices that
attract even the locals.

D Today, the Grand Bazaar is extremely iconic, (mix) Turkey’s glorious
trade history with its special brand of modern cultural tourism.
E At first, the Grand Bazaar (sell) mostly textiles, but it soon expanded

into selling books, jewellery, furniture, food, and a lot more.

___F The market that was originally built was quite small in comparison to today’s Grand
Bazaar. Some years later, another market (open) nearby.

___G _ The Grand Bazaar in Istanbul, Turkey, has a long history (date) back to
1455.

‘OREFLECTING

@ Which iconic attractions in this unit have you heard about before? Which are new to
you? Which impressed you the most?

® Do you think you are becoming more confident in dealing with longer reading and
listening passages by learning to take notes?

@ What do you think you are supposed to share when asked to describe a place you
know well?

@ What rhetorical devices did you learn to use in your writing?
@ Overall, | thought this unit was © interesting © useful © so-so ©) difficult.

UNIT 2 ICONIC ATTRACTIONS

* Project: Introduce an iconic attraction in your city or town

In groups, brainstorm the kinds of things that people would most like to
experience when they travel to a new place. Examples include:

° foods * buildings * celebrities

° festivals * scenic views * culture

Apart from these, what other kinds of things can you think of?

Do some research and come up with three iconic attractions that may best
represent your city or town. Think about what people can experience there.

In groups, compare your lists. Discuss which attractions are the most impressive
and representative, and come up with a final list of the top three.

Each of you should write about one attraction from the list and explain why it is
worth visiting.

EXAMPLE

DUJIANGYAN

Originally constructed around 256 BCE by the State of Qin as an irrigation and flood
control system, Dujiangyan is a remarkable example of ancient engineering skill and
is still in use today. During the Warring States period, people who lived along the
banks of the Min River were troubled by annual flooding. Qin governor and irrigation
engineer Li Bing investigated the problem thoroughly. He led a team to construct a
levee to redirect a portion of the river's flow. Then they cut a channel through Mount
Yulei to discharge the excess water. After the system was finished, no more floods
occurred. What's more, it made Sichuan one of the most productive agricultural
regions in China because the redirected water from the Min River could be used for
irrigation. If you visit Dujiangyan, you will see an unusual construction that resembles
a fish’s mouth. This famous attraction, Yuzui, together with two other important parts,
namely, Feishayan and Baopingkou, were scientifically designed to control the water
flow throughout the year. Recognised as a UNESCO heritage site, Dujiangyan has
irrigated farms while preventing floods for over 2,000 years.

5 Give a presentation in class to introduce the city or town. You could even include a
video of the attraction.

UNIT 2 ICONIC ATTRACTIONS = 23

* Video Time imu

The Mbantua Festival

Mbantua means “awakening the desert”. The _
Mbantua Festival brings together hundreds _
of Aboriginal performers from across central
Australia to celebrate their ceremonies,

culture, and music through theatre, events,
workshops, art, and film screenings.

BEFORE YOU WAT

Match the following things.
Aborigines “Alice”
an Aboriginal group in Alice Springs good tucker
good food billy cans

what the women are carrying on their heads in the race
what a tourist decides to name her animal sculpture
white people

indigenous groups
non-indigenous people
the Aranda people

Oah won =
7™mO000 >

WHILE YOU WATCH
1 Check your answers in Before You Watch.
2 Circle the best words to complete the sentences below.

1 |ndependent/Indigenous groups from across Australia’s desert centre have come to
share with one another on the sacred/secret grounds of the Aranda people in Alice
Springs.

2 They might be using billy cans instead of wooden bones/bow!s but the activities are
helping keep alive traditions which might otherwise be skipping/slipping.

3 It’s presenting an alternative picture of a national history/story which can look very
apparent/different for black and white Australians.

4 That’s what we are trying to do with this festival—bring non-indigenous people to us,
hear/share our culture with them, and our history, in the hope that they feel like that part
of the nation’s history is part of their own dignity/identity.

5 As night falls in the small object/pocket in the heart of Australia, people have been
brought closer together, at least for a few days/in a few ways.

AFTER

Discuss the following questions in pairs.

1 Why do you think this festival is important to Aborigines? What about non-indigenous
people?

What interested you most in the video? Why?
3 What opportunities do you have to experience and learn about different cultures in China?

ine)

24 UNIT 2 ICONIC ATTRACTIONS
breeding ground for life,
connect the world and
“promote development.

a te *

Reading and Thinking

Learn about sea exploration

1 Do you know any stories about sea voyages? Share your story with a partner.

m@) 2 Lookat the title and skim the text. Decide what Y

ae Identify essay types
type of essay it is.

There are four major types of
essay: narrative, descriptive,
expository, and argumentative.

REACHING OUT ACROSS THE SEA xsd |
Adescriptive essay describes
a subject and lists interesting

Trade and curiosity have often formed the foundation of details. An expository essay
mankind’s greatest achievements. To complete the great is factual, giving information
r on a subject. Finally, an
map of the world was a strong passion for the people of early arqumignestive'eseag alins to
civilisations. Marco Polo’s tales inspired European explorers to convince the reader.

RELI RN

search for sea routes from west to east. However, merchants

and explorers from the East set sail from east to west many years before Columbus first did.

In ancient times, silk from China found its way overland to India, the Middle East, and
Rome, along what became known as the Silk Road. A trading route across the sea was also
extended along the coasts of the Indian Ocean, centred around Ceylon (now Sri Lanka).
Here, merchants from China and many other places met to negotiate trade deals, which

also led to more awareness of each other’s cultures. Over the centuries, further trading
allowed more exploration of the regions to the west of China, as recorded in Du Huan’s
Record of My Travels in the eighth century.

Later, the Ming Dynasty further developed relations with these regions. Between 1405 and
1433, seven large fleets sailed west on voyages of trade and exploration. These fleets were
a sight to behold and were in a league of their own at that time. Under the command of
Zheng He, they set sail from the South China Sea across the Indian Ocean to the mouth
of the Red Sea, and then to the east coast of Africa. African royal families sent gifts such
as giraffes as gestures of friendship in return for gold, silk, and spices. Although China
withdrew from further expeditions after
1433, these land and sea routes remained

active channels between other cultures for
centuries.

To reach out across the sea remains a
strong desire today. The ancient sea routes
travelled by Zheng He are being revisited
with the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road,
which is part of the Belt and Road Initiative.

26

The aim of this initiative is to encourage cooperation and trade across the historic Silk
Road areas, and strengthen the bonds between China and the rest of the world. Trading

has grown greatly in recent years, and will continue to do so in years to come. China has
invested billions in systems and services along these routes, which will help to greatly
develop the whole area for the benefit of future trade and cultural exchange.

China has also joined its friends across the sea on other important projects. Although the
ancient sea routes of Zheng He have been travelled many times, there are still many other
places left to explore. In recent years, China has joined other nations on several expeditions
to explore the Arctic. From a scientific point of view, there is an urgent need to study the
Arctic in order to understand climate change and its effects.

Hundreds of years on, and with the latest technology in hand, the need to trade and the desire
to enhance relationships will drive China to reach out across the sea far into the future.

3 Read the text again. Write down the main idea of each paragraph.

4 Scan the text and fill in the table with the correct names.

Name Description

The name of the trade route between China and the West

Its kings sent gifts such as giraffes to China

An area currently being explored for scientific reasons

A destination of silk and a major European capital

The modern country name for Ceylon

The historical period when China expanded maritime exploration to other regions
The author of Record of My Travels

The commander of the seven fleets

The person who wrote stories that inspired European explorers

In groups, discuss the following questions. Make notes under two columns:
Facts and Opinions.

e Which countries reached out across the sea in the past and why?

» What benefits and problems did those countries get from doing this?

s What effects did reaching out across the sea in the past have on the world?
° What do you think is the significance of the Belt and Road Initiative?

UNIT 3 SEA EXPLORATION
Learning About Language

Build up your vocabulary

1 Write down the word that matches each definition. Then find the sentences
containing these words in the text.

1 an imaginary story or an exciting description of an event

2 related to the king or queen of a country

3 to reach an agreement by discussion

4 to stop taking part in an activity

5 to make something longer or larger

6 a connection between people

7 a level of quality, ability, etc.

8 a deep passage of water used as a route for ships

Choose the appropriate words from above to complete the following sentences.
1 Their common experience created a strong between them.

2 Asameior figure in British politics, Churchill was in a of his own.
3 The deadline has been by two days.

4 |’mreading a book about folk and ancient legends.

2 Complete the sentences with the correct forms of the phrases in the box.
a sight to behold in hand withdraw from in return

1 Henry Norman Bethune devoted his life and profession to helping people without
expecting anything .

2 Last summer we visited an island in the Indian Ocean, whose rocky coastline and long
golden beaches were ，

3 The tennis player several tournaments due to injury. |

4 With lots of food and drink , they set off for their picnic.

3 Complete the passage below with the correct forms of the words in the box.

find one’s way boredom reach out across the sea
set sail form the foundation tale motivate

In 1519, Ferdinand Magellan, a Portuguese adventurer, made the first voyage around the
world. On 14 June 2008, nearly 500 years later, a 16-year-old American boy, Zac Sunderland,

on a similar journey. After 13 months, he returned with a new world record: the
youngest person ever to sail around the world.

Zac grew up on a boat and learnt how to sail when he was four, which of his
success. As a child, Zac read a book about Robin Lee Graham who had sailed around the
world alone as a teenager in 1965. Zac was greatly inspired by Graham’s . After

his 16th birthday, Zac started making plans for his journey. Using his own money, Zac bought a
boat and set off.

is often a mixture of danger and . Zac had to
through heavy storms and get by on little sleep on his journey. It was boring to stay on a boat
all day, so Zac read lots of books! He also emailed his family using his laptop, telling them
about his experiences around the world.
When the journey ended, Zac’s adventure received widespread media coverage. At his press
conference, he talked about how passion and courage made his dream come true. In his
opinion, there’s so much that people can achieve with the right and ambition.
Just go for it!

28 UNIT 3 SEA EXPLORATION
Review useful structures

1 Find all the sentences containing infinitives in the reading passage. Then mark
their functions.

1 As the subject (S) 2 As the predicative [P) 3 As the object (0)
4 Asthe object complement (OC) 5 As the attributive (Attr) 6 As the adverbial (Ad)

2 Join the words to make sentences using infinitives. Then decide the function of
each infinitive.

EXAMPLE

It is fun/ visit an aquarium /in summer >

It is fun to visit an aquarium in summer. ( S )

1 He/encouraged me/ participate in the surfing competition »

The storm/seems/be getting closer >

Magellan/ was the first person /sail around the world »

The UN peacekeeping force / aims / maintain peace and prevent armed conflicts >
The crowd/ stood / applaud / scientists / for their important ocean research work >
It is a good idea/tax/ plastic bottles /so that people use them less >

The Jiaolong manned submersible /is said /be able / reach 7 km underwater >

It remains /be seen/ whether or not his capsule can work >

ONOaARWND

3 Read the beginning of The Little Mermaid and use the proper forms of the
verbs in brackets to fill in the blanks. What do you think happens next?

| Far out in the ocean, where the water is as clear as glass, lives the Sea King, The ocean
k is too deep (measure). We may imagine there is nothing except yellow sand
under the sea, but actually it is not rare (see) the most unique flowers and

plants (dance) in the fast-moving water. In the deepest spot of all stands the
Sea King’s castle, which has walls of coral and a roof (form) of beautiful shells.
The mother of the king, a wise woman who is proud (be) born into the royal
family, takes care of his six daughters. Among, the six sea-princesses, the youngest is
the prettiest. Although she has delicate skin like a rose-leaf and eyes as blue as the
: ; : deepest sea, she has no feet but a fish tail just like her sisters. The most common way for
the princesses (play) all day eS
long is (swim) in the halls of ==
: the castle or among, the flowers growing =< >
out of the walls, feeding and touching, 2
the fish (swim) up to their
2 hands through the windows. They seem
a (not worry) about anything,
¢ xcept for the youngest, who ...

Siniii

UNIT 3 SEAEXPLORATION 29

30

Get to know about whales and other sea animals

1 Read the poster below and discuss the questions.

1 What aspect of the camp would you like best?
2 Do you think it is important to carry out research on whales and other sea creatures?

amazing animals.and see them at close range-on their
annual. migrationsouth to the Antarctic.

Come to our whale watching camp and learn more-
Ze about these intelligent creatures! Listen to whales
WHALE = singing, watch them leaping out of the water, and ~
Z ~ observe them with our special video cameras. And to
学 “WATCH | N zg “help us with important research, you can even become —
3 Soe a member of our team.

2 Listen to the head researcher talking to the OP
campers at the end of the day. What three things Listen for sequence

were the campers asked to do? When people talk about a series
of actions or events happening

1 in sequence of time, they often
use certain words and phrases,

2 such as first, next, then, after that,

3 later, and finally.

3 Listen to Luke’s part of the conversation again. Number the following sentences in
the correct order. Then work out what they have done at the camp.

After that, we gave the group of whales a name, and each member a number.
They will be added to the directory so we can identify them in the future.

Most whales have slightly different fins and marks, which can help us to tell them
apart.

Meanwhile, we also noted their location, so we can track their movements and plot
their migration path.

Then we took pictures of their fins.

Finally, we contacted other whale research groups around the world to share the
information with them.

1 First, we followed a group of whales with the boat.

Later, we created a database of their fins and locations.

UNIT 3 SEA EXPLORATION

4 Listen to the conversation again and answer the questions.

How many species of whales are there?

What is the criterion to divide the main types of whales?
What do whales use sounds for?

Why do the campers take pictures of the whales’ fins?
Why do they contact other research groups?

On 上 wm 一

5 Some of the students could not make it to the camp. Imagine you were there. Tell
your partner about what happened, using the expressions in the box below. Your
partner can also ask questions to find out more about what happened.

First(ly), ... Second(ly), ... Third(ly), ... First of all, ...

Then/After that/Afterwards/Next/Later on ...

In the end/At last, ... At that time ...

It began when ... Meanwhile ... Later ... Finally ...
EXAMPLE

A: Today we learnt about whales and whale research. First, we found some information and
facts about whales. We used the library and the Internet.
B: What did you do after that?

6 Watch the video Protecting Biodiversity, and then discuss what other sea
animals you would like to see. Talk with your partner and make a plan for a trip to
see the animals. Your plan should include activities you would like to do.

@) 1

Using Language

Express your opinions on sea exploration

Text 1

When people talk of exploring the sea
more, they usually mean exploiting it. Sea
exploration has caused many problems
and will continue to cause more.

More exploration means more
pollution. The Deepwater Horizon
spilled over 200 million gallons of oil
into the sea in 2010. Plastic pollution
is also bad, killing many birds and fish,
and has even been found in our tap

water.

Mining for resources is very
damaging, especially in the Arctic.
Because of climate change, there is
less ice now, which means we can
look for more fossil fuels further north.
But if we burn these, the ice will melt
more and this negative cycle will
continue. Climate change is warning

us that something is very wrong.

Overfishing is another problem.
Whales and dolphins are also
hunted for their meat or for so-
called research. Although this was
banned in 1982, some countries are
still “murdering” these intelligent
creatures without mercy.

The sea is home to life, not human
beings’ possessions. It is huge, but it
is more sensitive than we think. If we

ct it, future generations

Read the two texts below and find the arguments and evidence in them.

Text 2

To truly understand our planet, we
must explore the oceans which

cover most of it. Opponents may

be concerned, but sea exploration

is important for our future. For
example, scientific research ships
can help address important issues
such as climate change. We need

to understand what is happening to
our planet so that we can take action.

Therefore, more research is necessary.

Understanding more about the sea
will also help us manage its resources
better. Logging new species will
improve our understanding of life on
the earth. It may help us discover new
medicines, as well as new sources of
food and energy. Accessing the deep
ocean may also help us to predict

events such as earthquakes.

The population of the world is
growing and we need new resources
for future development. There are
probably vast amounts of resources
under the sea and ice, not just oil and
gas but also valuable minerals.

Of course, there are still environmental
risks. However, these should be
balanced with economic needs.
Hopefully, as technology improves, we
may have more options for managing

Number of oil spills (over 7 tons)

2

Look at the two charts below and decide which one supports which text.

0 Overfished

45 2 Fully fished
36 3
é
18
Underfished
1970-1979 1980-1989 1990-1999 2000-2009 1974 1979 1984 1989 1994 1999 2004 2009 2013
Decline in oil spills Global trends in the state of world marine

fish stocks

In groups, discuss the following questions and take notes.

1 What is your opinion about sea exploration? Do you agree with one argument more than
the other?

2 Has your opinion changed after reading the two texts? Why or why not?

3 Are there any other aspects of sea exploration not mentioned that you think are important?

Based on your note, write an argumentative essay on sea exploration, expressing
your opinions with supporting facts.

1 The following questions may help you.
e What is the purpose of sea exploration?
e How does sea exploration help us to protect the sea?
e How does sea exploration cause damage to the sea?
。 Is there a good balance between protection and exploitation?

2 Use the PEEL method to help structure your argument.

Point What point do you want to make?

What facts and examples can you find to support your point? How

Evidence ’
reliable are the sources?

Explain how the facts support your opinion and show other opinions to

Explanation i
P be incorrect.

Connect this point to the next point, or back to the main point of the

Link
essay or paragraph.

3 Write your draft and exchange it with a partner.

4 Get your feedback and revise your draft.

UNIT 3 SEAEXPLORATION 33

Assessing Your Progress

1 Complete the sentences with the correct forms of the words in the box.

applaud directory opponent murder log
After finishing his workout, he updated his fitness
In the final match, his will be stronger and more =|
In a classical music concert, the audience politely at the end of the performance.

| couldn't find your’ name in the telephone
A $5 million reward has been announced for information leading to the arrest of those
responsible for the

ahond 一

2 Complete the passage below with the proper forms of the verbs in brackets.
What do you think happened to the son?

| eee

Have ‘you ever seen a seal? It has a round belly with a thick skin =e (keep) itself
warm. Its big, eyes seem (be) those of an innocent child. When you look into fs
eyes, you may feel closely (connect) to it.

Actually, people in ancient times did believe seals and human beings (be) the
same. As legend has it, an old couple by the sea once heard a baby (cry). They
hurried to the water, only (find) a baby seal there. They took it back home, fed
it, and raised it as their son. Gradually, the baby seal grew up, (look) just like a
human being, The old couple allowed him (go) anywhere except near the sea.
The son loved his parents so much that he promised (not swim). J
One day, the father went (fish) out at sea, when the weather suddenly 有
changed. The ship struggled on the stormy sea, (roll) with each heavy j <
wave. His wife watched the horrible scene, (cry) hopelessly. All of

a sudden, the son jumped into the wild sea (save) his father. He
Ke swam as fast as lightning, just like a seal! Finally, the father was pushed

to the doe: alive, but this old couple never saw their son again.

= tz

© What did you learn about the sea from this unit?

© Which aspect about the sea would you like to learn more about?

What different genres of text did you read in this unit?

Did you have problems in studying this unit? If yes, how did you solve them?
© Overall, | thought this unit was — interesting _» useful \) so-so “> difficult.

34  UNIT3 SEA EXPLORATION
* Project: Create a poster for World Oceans Day

World Oceans Day takes place on 8 June every year. It is now celebrated in over
100 countries with hundreds of special events broadcast across the globe. The day
is marked in a variety of ways, including the launching of new campaigns and _
initiatives, and holding special events, all working to advance ocean conservation 一
and education. 2

Young people are an important part of the project. World Oceans Day provides them
_ with a platform where they can express their concerns and share their ideas.

Each year, World Oceans Day has a theme for the campaigns and events on that
day. For example, in 2016 and 2017 the themes = Ith

1 Pick a theme you want the day to be about.
Surf the Internet for stories about the sea to inspire you. You can pick a serious issue, or you
can focus on a theme to show people how amazing the sea is.

overfishing wonders of the sea tourism biodiversity
pollution beautiful beaches coral reefs deep-sea exploration

2 Research your theme.

Find out as much about your theme as you can. Use the Internet and your school library.

3 Come up with a short slogan for your theme.

Choose a short, catchy title. You can also think of ways to promote your theme on social
media.

4 Brainstorm ideas for the design of your poster and what to include.

What do you want it to look like? What design would be most effective? What information do
you want to include? What images do you want to use?

5 Create an event that will take place on the day.

Give a time and date for the event, and some details of what will happen.

Beach/river cleanup activity Zoo/aquarium tour

Art/photography competition A play about the sea

Film festival Presentations by sea scientists
Sustainable seafood lunch Interviews with scientists, explorers, etc.

6 Put everything together to complete your poster. Then give a short
presentation to the class.

UNIT 3 SEAEXPLORATION 35

* Video Time 倘

BEFORE YOU WATCH

Look at the pictures from the video below. What do you think these people

are doing?
下 由
a)

1 Check your answers in Before You Watch.

2 Circle the best words to complete the sentences below.

1 The sea covers over uncer two-thirds of our planet.

2 Kexue is regarded as a moving |aboratory factory on the sea.

3 The IOCAS is the st tuie/|nitatve of Oceanology Chinese Academy of Sciences
Scientists.

4 The Faxian vehicle has surveyed more than 3.000/400 sites and has collected
6/9,000 tons of geological samples.

3 Answer the following questions.

1 When was Kexue first put into operation?

2 What is the function of Faxian?

3 What did IOCAS conduct research on the Western Pacific Ocean System for?
4 Why is marine science important for China today?

AFTER

Discuss the following questions in pairs.

1 Human beings have explored less than 5% of the world’s oceans. Why do you think
we have explored so little of the oceans so far?

2 What do you think is the difference between Zheng He’s voyage 600 years ago and
China’s sea exploration today?

36 UNIT3 SEA EXPLORATION

SHARING

As you grow older, you
will discover that you 3

helping yourself, ‘the other’*
‘ for helping others.

Asam Levenson

Look and discuss
1 What do you think is happening in the photo?
2 Think about the things you do to help other
people. Write them down and share with your

In this unit, you will
1 read about volunteering in Papua New Guinea.
2 hear and talk about types of volunteering and

organisations.

3 give a speech about China’s aid to other partner.
countries. 3 Share your experiences as a volunteer, if you

4 learn about volunteers at home and abroad. have any.

38

Reading and Thinking

Help the needy

1 Ayoung Australian, Jo, worked for
two years as a volunteer teacher in
Papua New Guinea. What challenges When reading a passage, adjust your speed to

do you think she might have faced? get the most out of it. If the material is easy or
familiar, you can read through it quickly. If it is

Read the blog entries by Jo. As you difficult or contains useful details, read it a bit
read, underline the parts of the text slower and try to understand more.

you read slowly. Then compare your

reading pace with a partner.

g Adjust reading speed

VOLUNTEERING IN THE BUSH
ee ee

| just got a parcel from home! It took about two weeks to arrive, and it was a bit damaged, but it was so
nice to get some sweets and jam from home; I’ve been dying to have some of my favourite sweets, and it’s
always nice to get mail!

So I’ve been here in the jungle for about a month now. My secondary
school is a bush school. The classrooms are made of bamboo, with
clay floors and roofs of grass. It takes me only a few minutes to walk
to school down a dusty track covered in weeds. When | reach the
school grounds, I’m greeted by a chorus of “good morning” from the
boys. Unlike students in our country, these boys do not wear cotton
uniforms, and many of them also have to walk a long way, sometimes
for up to two hours, just to get to school.

There’s no electricity, running water or even textbooks, not to mention
laptops, tablets, or other modern devices! All the students have are pencils, rubbers, and paper. I’m still
trying to adapt to these conditions. I’ve had to become much more imaginative in my teaching. Science is
my most challenging subject as my students have no concept of doing experiments. There is no equipment,
and since there isn’t even a washroom, if | need water | have to carry it from my house in a basin! It’s
important not to be too rigid about rules here, too. The other day | was showing the boys a chemistry
experiment when, before | knew it, the mixture was bubbling out of the test tube spilling everywhere! The
class became a circus as the boys, who had never come across anything like this before, started jumping
out of the windows. Sometimes | wonder how relevant chemistry is to these students—few will ever become
chemists—and most will be going back to their villages after Year 8 anyway. To be honest, | doubt whether I’m
making any difference to these boys’ lives at all.

17 April o oe

Last weekend | made my first visit to a remote village, home to one of our students, Tombe. Another teacher
and | walked for two and a half hours to get there—first, up a mountain from where we had fantastic views,
and then down a shaded path to the valley below. When we arrived at the village, Tombe’s mother, Kiak,
saw us coming and started crying “ieee ieee”. We shook hands with all the villagers. Everyone seemed to be
related to Tombe.

Tombe’s father, Mukap, a man with a strong jaw and a wrinkled forehead, led us to his house, a low, round

>
UNIT 4 SHARING me
bamboo hut with no windows, with a door just big enough #
to get through, and with grass sticking out of the roof—this |
shows it is a man’s house. Such housing is dark inside so
it took time for our eyes to adjust. Fresh grass had been
laid on the floor and there was a platform for Jenny and
me to sleep on. There was a fireplace in the centre of the
hut. The only possessions | could see were one broom, a
few saucers, a kettle, cups, pans, and a couple of jars.

Mukap built a fire outside and laid stones on it to heat. He
then placed the hot stones in an empty oil drum with kau
kau (sweet potato), ripe corn, and greens. He then covered the vegetables with banana leaves and left them
to steam. It smelled delicious. We ate inside the hut sitting round the fire. | loved listening to the family talking
softly to each other in their language, even though | could not participate much in the conversation. Luckily,
Tombe interpreted for us.

Later, | noticed a can standing upside down on the grill over the fire. After a while, Tombe threw it out of the
doorway. Tombe told me that the can was heated to dry out the leftover food. His family believes that leftovers
attract bad spirits in the night, so any leftover food is dried up in a can and the can is then thrown out of the hut.

We left the village the next morning after many goodbyes and firm handshakes. My muscles were aching
and my knees shaking as we dragged ourselves down the mountain towards home. That evening | fell
happily into bed. It was such a privilege to have spent a day with Tombe’s family.

3 Answer the following questions.

1 What do you think “the bush” means?

What has been Jo’s most challenging subject to teach? Why?
What did Jo notice about the homes in the village she visited?
What did Jo notice after the meal?

What is Jo’s general impression of the place and people there?

ar WN

4 Analyse Jo's impressions of life in the village she visited.

Positive aspect Negative aspect

The students value education No running water or electricity

5 In groups, discuss these questions.

1 Jo felt it was a privilege to have spent a day with Tombe’s family. If you were Jo, how do
you think you would have felt? Why?

2 What are the differences between the school you go to and the one described in the
passage?

3 Would you like to become a volunteer teacher? Why or why not?

UNIT 4 SHARING

39

40

Learning About Language

Build up your vocabulary

1 Complete the word puzzle with words from the blog entries. Can you find the
hidden message?

_A_C_R _A_L
25) RM J_M
Rese coal Ke Se
FO Es] p CO___N
€_ ECES Se 和
志和 四 二 _ SsBiBs ce.
OFEN_ C RU

Hidden message:

2 Xu Yuan is a volunteer in Ghana. What does she think of the country and
experience? Complete the passage with the words below.

lack secondary housing right drag kettle

Xu Yuan, a 52-year-old Chinese volunteer in Ghana, was interviewed on a TV programme.
According to Xu, the conditions in Ghana are not that bad. However, she admitted
that she once had a memorable experience plugging holes in her roof in order to keep the
rain out. Xu said, “Actually, | don’t really care about my living conditions. The only thing that
has made me uncomfortable has been the of hot water.” She regrets not bringing a
to Ghana to boil the water she needs. Some of the medicine she has brought with
her works better with hot water. But any discomfort is to helping the needy, she
believes. Xu enjoys her volunteer experience and considers it a good opportunity to
herself out of her comfort zone and to explore the world. “One of my dreams is to work in
Africa and continue to help the disabled after | resign from my job. | think everyone deserves
the to be happy,” she said.

3 Divide the following words into groups. Explain how you have grouped them.
Then add more words to the groups.

jam laptop knee bacon textbook tablet paper rubber jaw wrinkle forehead
saucer kettle pan jar grill corn cup leftover pencil muscle sweets

4 Imagine you are going to donate three things to poor children in the
countryside. What will you donate and why?

UNIT 4 SHARING

Review useful structures

1

Identify the phrases in the following sentences and state their functions.
Mark noun phrases as NP, verb phrases VP, adverbial phrases AdvP,
adjective phrases AdjP, and prepositional phrases PrepP.

EXAMPLE
My secondary school is a bush school.
NP (subject) NP (predicative)

1 I’ve been dying to have some of my favourite sweets, and it’s always nice to get mail!

2 The mixture was bubbling out of the test tube spilling everywhere!

3  Tombe’s father, Mukap, a man with a strong jaw and a wrinkled forehead, led us to his
house.

4 He then placed the hot stones in an empty oil drum with kau kau (sweet potato), ripe corn,
and greens.

5 Later, | noticed a can standing upside down on the grill over the fire.

6 My muscles were aching and my knees shaking as we dragged ourselves down the
mountain towards home.

Complete the passage with the phrases below in their proper forms.

beautiful modern road a chorus of dusty track straight towards
a large amount of investment — with dangerous disease

China has offered to many countries in its Belt and Road Initiative. In the Congo,
many have been transformed into since then. Trains run Europe
from China, and to China from Europe, bringing new jobs and opportunities to both ends.
Chinese healthcare workers have also been sent to provide aid to places . Despite all
the difficulties involved in this project, these efforts have been greeted with support
from the locals.

Imagine you are an editor of a volunteer website. Add phrases to the
following advertisement to make it more exciting.

Improving Health in Guinea

In order to ease suffering in Guinea, volunteers are needed
to provide healthcare information. As a volunteer, you will
be responsible for organising lectures, preparing posters,
and visiting schools and families. There is no doubt that
these activities will leave you with unforgettable memories.
The program will last for one year or more, depending on
your performance.

You need to be over 18 and able to communicate in
English. You don't need to have overseas experience, but
you should be friendly and outgoing.

(3) If you are interested in volunteering, please
speak to our representative online.

UNIT 4 SHARING

41

Using Language

Meet student volunteers

1 Have you or someone you know ever worked as a volunteer? Tell your partner
about the experience.

() 2 Listen to the conversation and complete
the table below. Y

Recognise examples

An example is a thing, person, or situation
that helps explain or illustrate what one is
talking about. An example is nearly always
introduced by words such as like, such as,
for example, for instance, to illustrate, and to
demonstrate.

Student donations for
suggestions for helping to
volunteer project spending time with
Volunteer raise

activities at serve

Tony’s school go to

Final decision for
volunteer project

4) 3 Listen to the conversation again and then answer the following questions.

Why does Tony want to join the meeting for student volunteers?

What is the objective of the meeting today?

What kind of volunteer work did the students do last year?

What kind of volunteer work does Tony's entire school do every year?

Who suggests going to the children’s hospital for this year’s volunteer project?

aron 一

4 Think about the following questions and write down your ideas.

1 Do you think students doing volunteer work is of any use? Why or why not?

2 In your opinion, which is better, giving people things, time, or money? Why do you think so?
5 In groups, talk about ways to help others.

1 What kinds of help do you think people need? How do you think volunteers could help?

Place What are the needs? How could volunteers help?
Neighbourhood
School
City/Town
Country

42. UNIT4 SHARING
|
|
|
|

1

2 What kinds of skills and qualities could you offer as a volunteer?

Skill Quality

Discuss where and how you can help.
° Where would it be possible for you and your classmates to volunteer?

s What kind of volunteer work could you and your classmates do, based on your group’s
skills and qualities?

Making suggestions

We might try ... Couldnt you/we ...? Perhaps we could ...
May I suggest that ...? Would you consider ...? My advice would be to ...
Wouldn't it be better if ..2 If I may suggest an idea, ... It might be a good idea to ...

Id like to suggest/recommend that ... How does the idea of … appeal to you?

lage © «Pronunciation ~

Read the conversation below. Decide which type of stress the words in bold
show: 1} strong emotion; 2) emphasis of important information; 3) correction
of a mistake; 4) contrast or comparison.

Jessie: Hi, Susan! Did you see the animal shelter advertisement? | think it’d be great for
our volunteering project!

Susan: Hello, Jessie. Yes, | did see it. I'd love to help out in a shelter. Think of all those
cute, little animals!

Jessie: Exactly, and it would also look great on our CVs. But maybe it’s too good to be
true...

Susan: Yeah, what if we have to clean out the smelly cages? I’d hate that!

Jessie: Well, we can ask for gloves. How about you clean the outside of the cages, and 川
clean the inside?

Susan: Thanks, Jessie, you're a true friend! Anyway, we should check the timing. Did the
ad say Saturday afternoons? |’m usually busy on Saturday afternoons.

Jessie: No, it said on Sundays, and in the mornings. So let’s not just talk about it—let’s
do it! It’s so exciting—do you like cats best, or dogs?

Susan: Oh, hey wait, Jessie, do you think it matters that I’m allergic to cats? And what if
there are snakes?

() 2 Listen to the conversation and then practise it with a partner.

UNIT 4 SHARING

43
™@) 1 Zhan Bingbing took part in an English

44

Using Language

Make a speech about China’s aid to other countries

speech contest. Read the speech
transcript and answer the questions
on page 45.

Hello! My name is Zhan Bingbing.

Lately, all of us have seen Chinese people on 一 二 }
TV in far-off places in the world, helping other
countries to develop. We see Chinese workers building roads in the Congo, a port in Pakistan,
railways in Panama, and an airport in Sri Lanka. And we see Chinese miners, oil workers,
agricultural experts, mechanics, and doctors working in nearly every corner of the world. And
some people may ask, “Is it worth it? Why help people overseas when China has many areas that
are still in need of development?”

| had the same questions myself. But for me, it was much more personal. You see, my mother is
a medical doctor, and for the last two years, she has been working as a volunteer consultant in
Tanzania, Africa, as a part of a medical team sent by the Chinese government.

To be honest, when my mother first left for Africa, | was upset. My mother cooked me dinner every
night, and she took good care of me. But more importantly, she was my best friend. We talked
together, we spent our leisure time together, and except for school and work, we were never
apart. So | was unhappy about her leaving without even asking for my input.

But then | began to hear about the work she was doing in Tanzania, a country that has many
health problems, and now | am singing a different tune. Many dangerous diseases which are rare
in China are quite commonly contracted in Tanzania. And, while the country is quite beautiful and
has much natural wealth, many of the people are quite poor and live without things we take for
granted, such as electricity, running water, cars and good transport systems, and supermarkets.
One project that my mother worked on was helping to build a cardiac hospital. Prior to this, if a
Tanzanian had a heart condition and needed surgery, they would have to go abroad. Since this
was quite expensive, many people went without medical treatment and some even died. Now, not
only are Tanzanians helped by the hospital, but people in neighbouring countries are helped as
well. It has made a big difference to their lives. My mother also does a circuit of the rural villages
to provide medical treatment, help those with disabilities, and provide consultation and training
for local doctors. In addition, her team has given patients a new malaria treatment invented in
China, and this has saved many lives.

Today, | want to relay to you that I’m proud of the work my mother has done, and | am now
supportive of it. Is her work worth it? Yes, to the lives of the people she is helping, it is worth it.

UNIT 4 SHARING

But by any criteria this work is worth it to us as well, because it shows that we are global citizens
interested in world stability, and that we feel responsible for others and are ready to build a
community with a shared future for mankind. Everyone deserves a fair chance in life. When | think
of all the things that we as Chinese citizens can be most proud of, helping others comes at the top

of this list. Now that | understand how important my mother’s work is, I've decided to become a
volunteer myself to help people in other lands. In the future, | pray that you will do the same.

Thank you!

What are some examples of the work that Chinese people do to help others overseas?
Why was Bingbing upset when her mother went to Tanzania?

What are some of the problems people face in Tanzania?

What are two things that Bingbing’s mother is helping with?

Why is this work worth it?

ah wn 一

2 Study the features of the speech to answer the questions below.

What is the key rhetorical question used in this speech?
2 What is the answer to this rhetorical question?
3 What does the speaker use to get her message across?

a case study a hypothetical example
a joke a personal story
an analysis of the history and causes of the issue facts and data

4 How did Bingbing’s feelings about the topic change, and what caused this change?
5 How does the speech end?

3 Write a speech about China’s aid to other countries.

1 In groups, brainstorm a list of possible causes that you could talk about.
2 Inpairs, go over the list and discuss these points:

e Which, if any, of the causes do you have a personal connection with?

e What personal story could you tell in relation to that cause?

e How did that affect your opinions on the issue?

s What rhetorical question could you use to begin your speech?

e What is the answer to that rhetorical question?

e What action do you want people to take as a result of your speech?
3 Using what you have discussed, write a short speech.

4 Exchange your draft with a partner and revise the draft using your partner's
comments.

5 Present your speech and listen to your classmates’ speeches. As a class, vote on the
best one.

UNIT4 SHARING 45

Assessing Your Progress

1 Complete a news report using the correct forms of the words in the box. Then
make a news headline for it.

contract disability tune input share mechanic stability criterion consultation

Many of us have worked as volunteers before. Some have experience as , repairing
and maintaining machines. Others are experienced medical workers who have volunteered
to help those with . This summer, one Chinese volunteer, Liu Fei, will serve as a
management for AIDS projects in an African country. Liu has never been there, and
his impression of the country is that it is developing rapidly, but suffers from much

and violence. Many people there have AIDS. Liu will work with a local organisation
engaging in AIDS prevention. Liu’s path to Africa was long and bumpy. Although he had met
the for the volunteer application, his family was opposed to his choice at first. It
took Liu some time to explain the importance of building a future for mankind.
Ultimately, his family decided to sing the same as Liu and respected his right to
choose his own path. Liu is looking forward to sharing his Knowledge and skills with needy
communities. He hopes his can make a difference in distant Africa.

2 Expand the following sentences by adding different phrases. Try to make these
sentences more vivid.

The chemist is doing an experiment.

A rat is chasing a cat.

A train is crossing a bridge.

Susan placed the cup on the saucer and swallowed the capsule.
| drag myself off the bed.

A tree shades the farmer.

The president is relaying his ambition to the audience.

NO oh WD 一

© What kind of volunteer work have you heard about before? What kind of volunteer
work in this unit impressed you the most?

® What story can you tell about China's contribution to the development of the
world?

@ What do you think you can contribute to the cause of building a shared future for
mankind?

® What can you do to improve your public speaking skills?
© Overall, | thought this unit was — interesting — useful — so-so — difficult.

46 UNIT 4 SHARING
*Project: Create a poster for volunteer work

1 Study the posters below.

ge <a

PEOPLE’S SHOES

Who are we?

People’s Shoes is a company committed to
creating a better world.

What do we do?

For every pair of shoes you buy, we donate
a pair of shoes to someone in need. We also
provide surgery and medical treatment to
people with eye problems, and water systems
to countries with unsafe drinking water.

Where do we work?
We work in 70 countries around the world.
How can you help?

You can buy our products, so we can give to
others.

CHINA

EXCHANGE

Who are we?

We are an organisation whose goal is to help
people abroad through exchange with China.

What do we do?

Business or organisation employees from
China and another country trade places for
a period of time. This helps people in both
countries to learn from each other's expertise,
and to broaden their cultural understanding.

Where do we work?
We work in Asia, Latin America, and Africa.

How can you help?

You can suggest an exchange that you want
to take part in. We will help to arrange and
pay for it.

2  Ingroups, decide on the volunteer work that you would like to do. Discuss the

following questions.
s In what way could you help others?

e How could others participate in your activities?
e What business could you set up to help others?

3 Create a poster to explain more about your volunteer work, and then present it to

the class.

4 Take a class vote on the best three posters.

UNIT 4 SHARING

47
* Video Time #

"Breaking Volunteering Boundaries

This video is about Most, a charity run by —
young people in Budapest, Hungary, a country
in Eastern Europe. One group this charity helps
is the Roma. The Roma (often called “Gypsies”)

: ethnic group in Europe that is poor
often discriminated against.

BEFORE YOU WATCH
What kinds of things do you think Most donates to others? Tick the boxes

below.
clothes computers food medicine
money time toilet paper toys

WHILE YOU WATCH

1 Check your answers in Before You Watch.

2 Answer these questions.
1 How far is the Roma Community Centre from Budapest?
2 How many families will be helped by their donations to the Roma Community Centre?
3 How many members does Most currently have?
4 What three things do they plan to do at the refugee centre in Austria?
3 Complete the quotes with words you hear in the video.
1 Domonkos Sera: We feel a lot better if we know that we’re not just

we have in Budapest but also somewhere else in the country.
2 Mark Takats: We feel it’s kind of an obligation to ... to help those but
hat we were.

3 Laci Siroki: It’s good to see youngsters from Budapest that feel an obligation to do

something in this country, to , and
4 Jihan: | would like to be involved also in most of the activities they do ,
ike going to different just to help poor people.

AFTER YOU WATCH
Discuss the following questions in groups.

1 What motivates these young people to help others?
2 How do you think their own lives are changed by helping others?

3 Inthe video, they are helping the Roma and people at a refugee centre. Are there people like this
in your city or town who need help? What can you do to help them?

48 UNIT 4 SHARING
LAUNCHING |
YOUR CAREER

The future depends on
what you do today.

-一 Mahatma Gandhi

Reading and Thinking

@)

50

Get a head start on your future career

1 Before you read, discuss these questions in groups.

1 What are some of the ways that can help people decide which career is appropriate for them?
2 ls it essential that teenagers decide on a career before they become adults? Why?

2 Skim the text and find the main advice given to readers.

WORKING OUT WHAT YOU WANT TO DO

As an adult, one of the first questions you are asked Y
when meeting someone new is, “What do you do?” Use charts and graphs

This is because your career is a very important part Charts and graphs are a great way to

of who you are. The career you have defines your sie Abaca see trie a

i , . * Pa ; imited space. To understand them, first
life, and so taking time fo think about if is an essential read tha title and thon the labels onthe
exercise for young people. edges of the chart (often called the x-axis,

y-axis, and the key/legend).
The best time to start thinking about possible careers

is while you are still at school, before you make any

choices about your further education. This, however, is not always easy. Some people know
what they want to do from a young age, but many others just have a few ideas bouncing
around in their heads.

One of the most effective ways to get some insight on a possible career path is to complete a
“career aptitude test". The results of the test will tell you about your strengths and interests, and
some tests also suggest careers that you may be suited to. Having this information will provide
you with a better chance of finding a job you like. There are many free tests online, so give one
a try. Getting a head start in considering your future career may help you for the rest of your life.
You don't want to look back in years to come and say, “Il wish | had thought more about what |
really wanted to do.”

Career Aptitude Test example Page 1 of 10 There are many different
kinds of career aptitude

@ Ss SS Howdo you feel about the work tasks below? tests. Some ask questions
about your personal interests
and attitudes. Others focus
more on asking you to
rate different kinds of work
scenarios, like working as
a librarian or a lawyer. Of
course, while completing

fe) O00 O Design a new range of wrist accessories
OOOOO Besien ees for brides and ridegrooms these sorts of tests, it is very

WwOmAOnNnN DU PWN

O0000 : important to be honest—and
OOOOO telp anda D us deb don't worry—there are no
OOOOO Manage a hair and nail hap right or wrong answers.

10 OOOOO Provide investment advice
11 OOOOO Check and edit education materials
12 OOOOO Categorise employee profiles

One popular test asks the
participants to grade their
preferences for a variety of
work tasks. Their answers are
then analysed and divided up between six different tyoes of work personalities. The participant
is then given a chart showing their score for each type of work personality. The top three scores

UNIT 5 LAUNCHING YOUR CAREER

Personality scores

Your test results are below. Your work personality code is A-I-R.

Work personality types

R: Hands on, active, technical
~ |: Observant, intellectual

_ A: Creative, imaginative,
original

» S: Helpful, people-oriented,
responsible

E: Persuasive, confident

C: Organised, detail-oriented

are used to make a code that
indicates the participant's overall
work personality. This code is then
used to generate a list of career
suggestions.

The career suggestions are also
based on your education and
experience level, but you can
look at higher-level careers as
well, which is very useful for high
school students. For example, you
could look at the basic careers
to see what work you might like

now, and then look at the more advanced careers so you know what you may like to aim for in
the future. This is a great tool to help plan your career and let you know what targets you need
to reach to get there.

In conclusion, career aptitude tests are clearly a very useful tool. However, it is important to
remember that they are only meant for guidance. The secret to a good career is finding
something that you are passionate about. So try a few tests online and start thinking about your
future career right now!

3 Read the text again and answer these questions.

1

2
3
4

What is one of the most effective ways of helping you see which careers may be right for

you?

What is very important when you are completing the test?
According to the participant’s work personality code, what careers would you recommend?
Do you agree with the text when it says “The secret to a good career is finding something

that you are passionate about”? Give your reasons.

4 Look at these jobs and then decide on which work personality type they most
closely relate to. Add more jobs to each category.

_ Realistic

engineer mechanic dentist

restaurant manager estate agent

Investigative

biologist
detective graphic designer photographer

Artistic

accountant

5 Work in groups. Discuss these questions.

1

surgeon astronomer
nurse
police spy

actor director
teacher waitress
librarian secretary

Enterprising Conventional

Would you like to take a career aptitude test? Why or why not?
2 What could be some problems with this sort of test? What other things could you do to
help you decide on possible future careers?

UNIT 5 LAUNCHING YOUR CAREER

51

Learning About Language

Build up your vocabulary

1 Complete these sentences with words from the reading text. Then write down
your own dream career and give reasons.

1 The first time | observed the process of water being split into oxygen and |
was deeply attracted by the charm of chemistry. So | want to become a chemist in the future.

2 My aunt developed cancer three years ago. Seeing her suffering makes
me want to become a doctor to protect people from such diseases.

3 | want to become a because | think fairness and justice is of great
importance to society, and | hope | can make some contribution in that respect.

4 | have always been passionate about books, so | want to be a . By
providing a comfortable reading environment and good books, | hope more people can enjoy
reading.

5 | always feel amazed when | see my grandfather's huge medicine chest with countless small
that store many herbs. Now | am studying Chinese medicine and | hope |
can be an expert in this field, too.

2 Complete the sentences with the correct forms of the words you have learnt
in this unit. Circle the part of speech. Then think of more words that can be
used in both noun and verb forms.

1 Hearing the news that he had made the school team, David joyfully (n., v.) the
ball against the wall.

2 The old basketball looked very used and had lost its (n., v.).

3 The zoologists set up (n., v.) cameras in the panda reserve.

4 There was a huge debate about whether the reporter should be accused of (n., v.)

on the star couple.

3 Use the words in the box to complete the following excerpt from a student's speech.

commit bounce around rather than come to a conclusion
define in common radium had a great influence on

Probably everyone dreams of having a great career, but first let’s what this
means. When thinking about what makes a career great, many ideas may
in your head, such as the desire for money, power, or fame. Different people might have
different opinions about this, but wouldn't it be kind of greedy to focus on money and fame
on something more meaningful? Please close your eyes and think of someone
professional and successful. It could be a famous entrepreneur, a great leader, a scientist or an
artist, or a teacher who you. My choice would be Marie Curie, who discovered
. For me, she is great not just because she was world-famous, but because she
made great contributions to mankind. Being a female scientist was much less common in her
time, but in spite of this she devoted her life to her career. So | that if you want
a great career, you need to yourself to something meaningful. | believe all great
careers have this

52 UNIT 5 LAUNCHING YOUR CAREER
Review useful structures

1

Find the following types of long sentences in the reading text.

A compound sentence B complex sentence C compound-complex sentence

Change these simple sentences into long sentences. Pay attention to the

connectors you need to use.

1 Career guidance ought to be included at high school. The school should also offer a work

experience programme.

2 Dreaming to become somebody great is easy. Working to achieve your dream can be quite

hard.

3 You never know where you'll be working in the future. Learn as much as possible. Study a

foreign language. It is wise to do these things for the sake of your future.

4 Social occupations require communicating with people. This often involves helping or

providing service to other people.

5 Al is developing rapidly. Lawyers, teachers, librarians, drivers, and receptionists may find

their jobs replaced by Al in the future. Many people believe this to be true.

Complete the sentences using what, which, that, who, and how. Then put the

sentences into the correct order to make a complete passage.

Advice on Making a Career Plan

A The plan will require you to focus on
to achieve it.

you want to do and

A career plan makes you think about your future, including

careers interest you most and skills and trainings you will need to
succeed.

Of course, the CV should be tailored to match the careers in your plan,
will leave you well prepared to make the most of all opportunities
become available to you.
Finally, for useful information on

to put in your CV, find some websites
or go to someone can help.
Along with your career plan, you should also think about a CV,
is essential for showing your potential employers your skills and
experiences.

These two things are
as they will safeguard your future,

to decide on careers and
specialise in career advice

you should start thinking about right now,
is important to everyone.

Karl Marx; 1818-1883; born in Germany, died in London; studied law and philosophy; philosopher
and thinker, economist, historian, sociologist, revolutionary socialist; creator of Marxism, founder of
international communism, co-writer of The Communist Manifesto

Zhong Yang; 1964-2017; botanist, professor at Fudan University; dedicated his life to research on

seeds; travelled to places which no other botanists had ever been to; spent years in remote and
primitive areas searching for and collecting seeds

Read the two profiles below. Write a paragraph about one of them or any other
person you admire. Try to make the sentences work together effectively.

UNIT 5 LAUNCHING YOUR CAREER

53
Using Language

Choose a university major

1 Look at the pictures below. Discuss in pairs which university major each picture
might show.

Bio-medical engineering Computer game design
Cybersecurity Data science
Public health Robotics

© 2 Listen to the conversation and tick the chart according to what is needed to get
into a good university in each country.
Requirement China UK USA
Get a good grade
Pass the entrance exam

Write an essay

©) 3 Listen to the conversation again, and take notes on what each student would like
to study and why.

Student Chosen major Reason
Liu Ming
Susan

Olivia

54 UNIT5 LAUNCHING YOUR CAREER
©) 4 Listen again and answer the questions below.

人 ldentify references

1 What did Liu Ming say about cybersecurity and data When we speak, we often refer to
F 5 someone else's opinion or what
SCIence: we have heard,read,or been told.
2 What did Susan say she was told? When expressing this in speech,
， a : we use phrases such as / heard/
3 What did Olivia say they need to do to get into good read ahae a Geese a tes
universities? told that ..., etc.

5 Work in groups. Discuss these questions.

1 Do you agree with Olivia’s parents when they say that a person’s career might depend on
what university they get into? Why or why not?

2 Do you agree that there is no point studying something that you like but you are not very
good at? Give your reasons.

6 Inpairs, tell each other about the major{s) you would like to choose. Use the
expressions below to help you.

Expressing choices, wishes, intentions, and opinions

Id choose ... because ... I plan/hope/wish to ...
If possible, Id really like to ... My goal/dream is to ...
Im not sure if that suits you, because ... I've always wanted to ...

I think that is really difficult because ...

I think you are really suited to that because ...

Thats a good choice, but I think you should ...

Are you sure thatS a good choice? Have you thought about ...?

Im not sure what I want to study yet, but right now Im thinking about ... because ...

Apply for a summer job

™@) 1 Read the texts and then answer the questions below.

1 What are these three different texts about? What type of texts are they?

2 What kind of person is required for the job?

3 What experience does the applicant have with foreign languages? How has the applicant
displayed her knowledge of Chinese culture?

| Are you an active and outgoing person? Are you passionate about
Chinese culture? Would you like to meet and help young people from
other countries?

The Frog & Fox Summer Camp Council is looking for enthusiastic high
school students to join our team as camp helpers at our summer
camp next year! Our camp is located in a beautiful area near a quiet
canal, where you will sleep in tents under the stars.

We are building a team of keen young people to help us attend to
hundreds of students from all over the world. You will be required
to supervise and/or help out in a variety of tasks' and recreational
activities’,

Using Language

Successful applicants will ideally have the following:

i © agood level of English;

| © good organisational and teamwork skills;

| © a passion for Chinese and international culture;

s experience with animals;

| ° a friendly, welcoming attitude, and good handwriting!

Send your CV and cover letter to: receptionist@FAFSC.com (FYI: Applications can also
be made on paper or disk.)

1 Keep the parking area clean, guide new guests to the reception area, etc.
2 Camel rides, barbecue & fry, calligraphy, purse sewing, knitting with wool, etc.

Dear Sir/Madam,
| would like to apply for the position of camp helper. Please find my CV attached.
| believe | would be a valuable addition to your team. My English is at an intermediate level,

and | have travelled to several English-speaking countries. | have also helped to organise a
three-day tour of my city for visiting exchange students.

| have experience in working with animals, and | have also volunteered at a local library to
help organise the children’s section. | am a team player and | enjoy working with others. | have
been captain of my school table tennis team for two years, so | know how to lead and decide
on priorities.

With my proficiency in Chinese calligraphy, | could also conduct classes for your visitors to
help them learn more about this beautiful aspect of Chinese culture.

The prospect of welcoming exchange students to our country is very exciting, and | am keen
to use my skills to give them a warm welcome and an experience they will always remember.

| look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible.
Yours faithfully,
| Kelly Xu

7

~~

56 UNIT5 LAUNCHING YOUR CAREER
Kelly Xu 16 Xinhua Road

Hangzhou
Mobile: 1XX 6616 5555
Email: kellyxu888@exmail.cn

RELEVANT EXPERIENCE

2019-Present Plan and teach after-school classical calligraphy classes
» Design classroom activities, provide feedback
2018-2019 Worked during holidays at local pet shop
» Cleaned cages, checked and changed flea collars, helped customers

2017 Visited UK on high school exchange programme
» Experienced British culture, demonstrated Chinese culture
2016 Volunteered at local library

» Assisted librarians in organising children’s library section
Helped organise city tour for visiting students from Canada
» Helped manage tour finances and receipts

EDUCATION

09.2018-Present Hangzhou XXX Senior High School
09.2015-07.2018 Hangzhou XXX Junior High School

SKILLS & QUALIFICATIONS

© PETS 3 English qualification © Certificate in Chinese Calligraphy
INTERESTS & ACTIVITIES

© Chinese calligraphy © Classical literature © Table tennis

© Amateur photography © Detective novels © Programming

Find the details of these requirements in the job advertisement, and report your
findings to the class.

e Personality and attitude e Language skills e Experience and skills

How does the applicant respond to each of the job requirements? Do you think
she is a good match for the job? Why?

Think of a job you like. Write an application letter and a CV. Try to include the
following points.

e Your skills e Your experience e Your personality

e What the job means to you e What special things you can offer or bring to the job

In pairs, read your partner's application letter and CV. Use the checklist to help
him/her improve them.

~ Did your partner explain clearly how his/her skills/experience/personality relate to
the job?

w Did your partner list anything special about himself/herself?

~ Ifyou were the employer, would you hire your partner? If not, why?

Take back your letter and CV and revise them.

UNIT 5 LAUNCHING YOUR CAREER = 57

58

Assessing Your Progress

1 Use the correct forms of the words in the box to complete the following sentences.
Then match the sentences with the possible jobs on the right.

estate geometry wrist fry canal council

1 Tom enjoys spending time with middle school students, and he cook
is really interested in .

2 Jane broke her during a competition last week and maths teacher
needed a few months’ rest.

3 John prevents uninvited visitors from entering a business reporter/journalist

4 |norder to turn the desert into green land that is able to produce athlete
crops, Dr Zhang designed a 50 km .

5 Simon needs to submit his article about the meeting security guard
before midnight tonight.

6 Jackson's fish is popular with the restaurant’s regular engineer
customers.

2 The following is a draft of a guide for high school students. Try to improve it and
use long sentences where you think they are required.

Make High School Count!

High school may be the most important experience in your life. You are becoming a
young adult. You are old enough to take on more responsibilities and make very important
choices. Some of these choices could greatly affect your life. Try your best to study hard. It
doesn’t matter whether you will go to a university or college. It doesn’t matter whether you
will go to a vocational school or start work. You have to work hard. It doesn’t matter what
dreams you have for your future. Dreams will not make themselves come true. You need
to try your best and prepare. A wise choice is to prepare yourself with a good education.
You need to make sure your time and energy are not wasted. Remember, the knowledge
you acquire and the diligent attitude you develop in high school will be invaluable in the
real world. Time flies like an arrow! Working hard right now will prepare you well for your life
in the future.

ldddaucuwuodud

"FH Rg ESIGN OER ER IS a CR TE TE PEI SET SS as Hn

@ How can you use the information from this unit in your life?
© What other information related to this unit’s topic would you like to learn about?
@ What parts of this unit were the most interesting? Why?

@ What difficulties did you or your classmates have in studying this unit? How did
you overcome them? What advice or help did you give each other?

© Overall, | thought this unit was “interesting — useful so-so _) difficult.

UNIT 5 LAUNCHING YOUR CAREER

*Project: Make a speech about your future career

1 Think about six careers and write them in the order of their importance. Then in
groups, report to the others and explain why.

Career Why the career is important

2 Think about three careers that interest you most. Complete the chart below and
then introduce your careers to your group.

The career that interests me Why | would like this career

3 Choose one career from above and prepare an outline of a speech about how you
plan to reach that career goal. Start by completing the mind map below.

Challenges

Vv

本 Short term
Goals >

The Career I'd like to have is

> Long term

4 Use your outline to write a speech. Add some pictures to help illustrate your
writing. Use the following expressions to help you.

My chosen/dream career is ... This career is important to me because ...
For this career, I need/must ... I am suited to this career because ...
Right now, I do not have ..., but I plan fo … My short-term/long-term goal is ...

I may face some challenges, like ...

If 1 ..., then I will ...

5 Read your speeches within the group and vote for the best one. Then have the
winner make the speech to the class.

UNIT 5 LAUNCHING YOUR CAREER = 59

* Video Time mu

A Teen’s Passion for His Work

Photography is a popular hobby today, and has
become easier as technology has improved.
However, it takes a great deal of patience and hard
work to become a successful photographer. This
video shows how passion and enthusiasm helped
a young man succeed in bringing his work to an
international audience.

BEFORE YOU WATCH

Look at the pictures from the video below. In groups, use the following words and |
any other words you can think of to describe what is happening in the photos.

grass camera hide wait well-disguised edit a photograph
give a presentation smart clothes fame

WHILE YOU WATCH
1 Check your responses to BEFORE YOU WATCH.

2 Decide if the following statements are true (T) or false (F).

1 The tent and long grass stop the birds from seeing Mateusz. TL) FL]
2 The Natural History Museum in New York recognised his talent with the _

award Best Young Wildlife Photographer. tT) FO
3 He took his award-winning photograph of oyster catchers on a beach

in London. TT) FO
4 Mateusz takes up to 1,000 photographs in each session. 7) FO
5 His parents buy meat for him because he gets hungry while taking

photographs. oo) &

AFTER YOU WATCH
Discuss the following questions in groups.

1 Mateusz loves wildlife photography. Which is your favourite type of photography and why?
2 Why do you think Mateusz has been so successful at such a young age? List three
reasons. How could you apply these to yourself to achieve your own goals and dreams?

60 UNIT5 LAUNCHING YOUR CAREER
WORKBOOK

UNIT 1 :

Using Words and Expressions

1

Change the forms of the words
below. Then list more pairs of words
that have the same word formation.

n.-» adj.
innocence confidence
wisdom freedom
flour health
mud fog
superiority inferiority
creation decoration

2 Complete the passage with the

words below to learn about bias-free
language.

chairman policeman chairperson |
mankind postman — salesman
;

Like humans, language tends to carry biases.
Academic writing needs to be objective and
scientific: neither gender should be preferred.
Historically, writing has reflected a bias towards
males such as the words
and postman. Now, writers are more careful.
Many words that included man have been
replaced. For example, police officer is used
instead of ;
instead of chairman, salesperson instead of
, humankind instead of
and postal worker instead
of . The title Ms is used for
women instead of Miss or Mrs, since it does
not show whether a woman is married or not.

Translate these sentences into
English using the words and
phrases in brackets.

1 最 高 时 速 350 公里 的 高 铁 使 北京 和 上 海 之 间 的
旅行 时 间 从 15 小 时 缩短 到 了 四 个 半 小 时 左右 。
(maximum high-speedrailway)

2 她 从 皮 夹 克 的 口袋 里 掏 出 一 块 手绢 擦 了 擦 眼 睛 。
(leather, handkerchief)

SCIENCE FICTION

3 三 个 班级 被 随机 挑选 出 来 参加 了 翻转 课堂 的 实
4, (at random, flipped classroom)

4 这 种 7.9 英寸 迷你 版 的 平板 电脑 一 上 市 就 受到 了 年
轻 人 的 喜爱 。(inch, version)

4 Complete the passage using the

correct forms of the words in the
box. Do you believe Hawking’s
predictions?

pros and cons take over
ona scientific basis

have an urge to superior

conflict with backwards

'

Time travel, alien invasions, and artificial
intelligence have always been popular themes in
science fiction. However, these were never the
exclusive domains of sci-fi writers. Some
scientists also explore these
themes . Take time travel as
an example. Many fascinating stories based on
time travel go either or
forwards in time. However, the former is not
really an option. World-famous scientist Stephen
Hawking once explained that travelling into the
the basic rule that

cause comes before effect. But it would be

past would

possible to travel into the future in a vastly

spaceship approaching the
speed of light. In addition to the question of time
travel, Hawking also expressed his opinions on
alien invasions and AI development. When
many scientists and scholars were still arguing
about the of alien existence
and AI development, Hawking said he believed
aliens would invade Earth, and that humans
would eventually by Al and
robots.

61
WORKBOOK 一

62

Using Structures

1

Make sentences with the words
in brackets. Pay attention to the
voices of the verbs.
EXAMPLE
I can't find my wallet anywhere. (steal)
— It must have been stolen.
1 Ididnt go to the party last night. (invite)

anal

2 Li Feis parents sent him to stay with his
grandparents because they had to work in a
big city far away. (bring up, grandparents)

— LiFei .

3 That guy has been walking behind us for a
while. (we, follow) 一
Ithink .

4 Mymotheralwaystells me what I should do.
(don't like, tell) 一
I .

5 We can’t work in the office next month.
(redecorate) 一
Our office

Complete the announcements with
the correct forms of the verbs in
the box. Then read them aloud.

prohibit expect setto make sure ，
fasten make stow switchoff —

Ladies and gentlemen, welcome onboard
Flight SP432 from Beijing to Hong Kong.
We are currently third in line for take-off and

to be in the air in about ten
minutes. At this time, your portable electronic
devices must “flight mode”
or until an announcement

upon arrival. Smoking

throughout the flight. Thank
you for your cooperation. Enjoy your flight!

Ladies and gentlemen, as we start our
descent, please your seats
and tray tables are in their full upright position.
Make sure your seat belts

(securely) and all carry-on luggage
underneath the seats in front of you or in the
overhead bins. Thank you!

Complete the following passage
using the Chinese prompts in
brackets to help you.

Dune is a science fiction novel by Frank Herbert.
It won the Nebula Award in 1965 and shared the
Hugo Award in 1966. It ( 通
常 被 认为 是 one of the best sci-fi novels ever. As
the novel opens, each planet
( 正 受 统治 by a Great House. An emperor has
control of a planet called Arrakis, where “spice”
( 可 被 开采 ) This “spice”
( 想 要 得 到 ) by every planet
because it gives people amazing abilities. As the
emperor fears that he (Se
2) by Leto, the ruler of the Atreides House, he
plots a war between Atreides and another house.
In the end, Paul, Letos son, defeats all enemies
with the help ofa planet called Fremen.

It ( 被 认为 that Dune reflects
our own world. Like the Houses fighting
for “spice”, humans also fight for energy and
resources. Conflicts and problems of this kind
must ( 得 到 解决 if we are to
have a prosperous and harmonious civilisation.

List some environmental problems
and their causes. Then write down
solutions to each problem.

EXAMPLE

Many animals and plants are endangered
due to loss of habitat. To solve the problem,
some measures must be taken to protect them.
Cutting down trees without permission should
not be allowed. Forests should be well looked

after ...
@ 1

@ 2

a hon 一

UNIT 1 SCIENCE FICTION

Reading, Listening, and Acting

Before listening to a TV show called The Evos, read the following introduction
and then discuss the questions in pairs.

Previously on The Evos: A breaking news report tells of seven meteors hitting each of the seven
continents, as revealed by a scientist called Dr Evo. Meanwhile, three friends, Seb, Arnie, and
Laura are cycling through woods near their homes. After seeing a flash of light, they follow it.
They discover a hole with a strange glowing rock inside. The news on Seb’s radio is talking
about the meteors, so they realise this must be one of them. Seb says they should take a closer
look. As he gets closer, he suddenly falls asleep, and as the others go to help him, they also
fall asleep. They awake at dusk to the sounds of men searching for the meteor. They escape
and agree to see each other at school the following day, as well as promising not to tell anyone.
Some men, dressed in black protective suits, take the meteor away ...

1 Where do you think the meteors came from?
2 Why do you think the friends fell asleep?

Now listen to the start of the new episode and match the abilities to the character.

Seb can move things with his/her mind
Laura can stop time

Arnie can move from one place to another
Dr Evo can make himself/herself disappear

Listen to the episode again and write down the words and phrases that have

the following meanings and functions.

mentioning something they almost didn’t remember to say
wanting to talk about something different quickly

saying the same thing in a different way than before
talking about the most important point

adding another point to something already said

In groups, act out a scene from The Evos using the instructions below.

1 Discuss what happens next in the scene. Use the following questions to help you make a

script. The scene only needs to be a few minutes long.
e What happens to the characters after they meet Dr Evo?
° Do the men in black also have powers?
e How do the characters use their powers?

2 Decide who will play each character. Choose a narrator to help the audience understand

what is happening.

° Dr Evo ° Seb e Arnie e Laura s Narrator
© Men in black suits e Any other new characters you want to add

3 Rehearse a few times. Then act out the scene in front of the class.

63

一 WORKBOOK 一 一 一 一 一 ———————— ————

Reading and Writing

1 Look at the picture. What do you think is inside the cave? Do some research about
our planet to find the answers to the following questions.

s How old is the earth?

e What is the structure of the earth?

© How deep is the earth’s crust?

se What is at the centre of the earth?

se What is the deepest cave ever found?

™@) 2 Read part of a story about an amazing journey to the centre of the earth by famous
writer Jules Verne. Underline the words that describe the unusual environment
the explorers discover. What natural environments does it remind you of?

JOURNEY TO THE CENTRE OF THE EARTH

At first | could hardly see anything. After so long descending deep into the earth
through dark, narrow caves, my eyes were not used to the light. But when | could
focus again, | stood amazed.

“ts a ... seal” | cried.

“Yes,” my uncle replied, “and | shall give it my name, as it was discovered by me!”

A vast lake or even an ocean, spread far beyond where the eye could see. The shore

was lined with shining sand, and was being softly lapped by waves. It was covered with small
shells which were once inhabited by the first living beings. Around this sea stood a huge rock wall
that was being worn away by the endless action of the waves.

| could see far over this great sea because it was being lit up by a strange light. Not sunlight, of
course, as we were deep below the surface. No; with its bright, clear whiteness, the light must have
been electric. Under the “sky”, if it could be called so, being made of rock, were also vast clouds.
They were being illuminated by this light, but the light gave no heat, so the place felt rather gloomy.
Here we were, shut up inside a cave of a size that could not be estimated. It must have been
several miles high.

Human words cannot describe the discoveries of those who have been deep into the earth. My
imagination was powerless before such wonders. | felt like | was on some distant planet, and was
both amazed and rather scared. However, | was energised by the breezy salty air supp
oxygen to my lungs. After many days in much narrower spaces, it was a great relief.

“Ready to walk a little now?” asked my uncle.
“Yes, certainly.”

“Well, let us follow the shore then,” he
Ine EE ee ee
Oe UNIT1 SCIENCE FICTION ———

Soon in front of us appeared a tall, dense forest, composed of trees formed
like umbrellas. “Mushrooms!” said my uncle. And he was right! There were
mushrooms in their thousands, and each at least thirty feet high.

“Wonderful” cried my uncle. “A botanist never had such a feast as this! Now
look under your feet.”

“Oh yes!” | exclaimed.

| hadn’t noticed the many bones, which were being crushed under our feet as
we walked. Suddenly | thought, if once these monsters lived here, might some
still roam through these gloomy forests? | anxiously surveyed the landscape, but
we were the only living creatures in this subterranean world. Thankfully!

Eventually we returned to the cave we had entered from, and | fell asleep with
strange thoughts. Where did this underground sea end? Where did it lead to?

3 Read the text again and answer the questions below.

1 Why could the narrator not see anything at first?

2 Why was the light in the cave strange?

3 Why was the narrator unable to describe what he saw in human words?
4 Why was the narrator scared by the bones?

4 What can you remember of the story? Note down as many things as you can
recall, and then retell the story using your notes.

5 Write asummary of the text in your own words.

6 Imagine you are a reporter. Write a newspaper article reporting on the journey to
the centre of the earth.

1 Find the most interesting things worth reporting from the extract.

2 Imagine what happens before and later in the journey and how you want the story to
end. Take notes of your ideas.

3 Decide whether to include:
e Facts about the earth, for example, its size, age, composition, etc.
e Pictures of what the underground world looks like.

4 Think of an interesting headline to get the readers’ attention.

5 Write your article. Use language similar to what journalists use. Look at other news
reports and articles to help you.

65
eeeeee———————

—— WORKBOOK -一 a

*Expanding Your World

Science fiction is one of the most popular
genres of film. Showing us everything from
alien worlds to intelligent robots and time

travel, sci-fi films are extraordinary. But how
much of this science fiction is also scientific
fact? Many sci-fi films are based on fiction: novels, short stories, or comics, which first came from
someone's imagination and were often influenced by earlier sci-fi works. However, some films try to make
the science they show as realistic and accurate as possible.

The film /nterstellar was a box-office success and was praised for how space travel and other
scientific aspects of the plot were represented. The story takes place in the near future when living
conditions on Earth threaten the survival of humanity. A brave team of astronauts and scientists
begin a dangerous mission to find a new planet for humans to live on. Director Christopher Nolan
wanted the film to be as realistic as possible. “Why simply imagine things that might happen in
space or on an interstellar journey? Why not actually look at the real science there?” he said. To
make sure as much of the film as possible was grounded in real science, Nolan and his team
were helped from the start by physicist Kip Thorne, an expert on Albert Einstein’s theories. Thorne
provided the correct mathematics for the special effects team to generate the fantastic computer
simulations that are seen in the film.

In the real world, the search for other habitable planets has been underway for many years. Space
telescopes can identify planets orbiting stars by small changes in the stars’ light as the planets

一 UNIT1 SCIENCE FICTION

pass by. These searches have discovered countless planets. The next challenge is to find one that
is neither too hot nor too cold, where there is water necessary for life forms to develop. Then the
problem is how we would get there. As these stars and planets are many light years away, it would

take hundreds or thousands of years to reach them. Creating a spaceship that could travel at
the speed of light would be one option, but in the film, Earth does not have that much time and a
quicker route must be found. Thus the problem to be overcome is time itself.

Again, real science provided an answer, which was then brought to the screen in the film. As
Einstein famously described, time and space are not two separate things, but exist like a fabric that
our universe is made of, called “space-time”. Objects such as planets and stars bend this fabric,
creating the force we know as gravity. When this force is very large, space-time is bent a great deal,
making it possible for a short cut, known as a “wormhole”, to appear. This would allow one to pass
from one point in the universe to another without having to cross the space in between, therefore
making the journey much quicker. Wormholes are often used in sci-fi stories, appearing as simple
holes to pass through, but what would one actually look like? Science tells us it would actually look
like a sphere, through which we could see through to the other side, and so this is how it appears
in the film.

In the film, such a “wormhole” mysteriously appears near
Saturn. Several astronauts have already been through, with
some reporting back on promising planets they have found.
The team travels through it to another galaxy in the hope
of finding a new home. However, as hours pass on these

distant planets, many years pass on Earth. This is also a
realistic depiction of what such interstellar travel would be
like, as described by Einstein’s theory of relativity. Time
moves differently depending on where you are and whether

you are still or moving.

Of course, sometimes real science has to be ignored to make sure that a film, which is only a few
hours long, is entertaining and that viewers understand what they see. We cannot know exactly
what interstellar travel looks like, but science can give us a good idea. Often, there is a fine line
between science fiction and fact, which is always changing as science and technology progress.
Things that were only being dreamed of years ago are now part of our everyday lives, such as the
Internet, mobile phones, and soon even space travel itself. This is what continues to make sci-fi so
exciting and popular, inspiring generation after generation to imagine our future existence.

68

UNIT 2

Using Words and Expressions

1 Choose an adjective and a noun 3

to make a phrase. Complete each
sentence With the correct phrase.

straightforward ， foundation
complicated | answer
solid | relief

final | situations
unequal 1 distribution
py phase

1 You dont have to say that much. Just give
mea
2 This medicine cannot fel y you get rid of
the disease permanently, but it can give you
from the pain.
3 The experiment is now in its
and is expected to be completed
next week.
4 Don’t be afraid of failure. It can lay a
for your future success.
5 There is a risk that the
of wealth and the absence of opportunities
may lead to a less stable society.
6 Developing students’ critical thinking
ability can help them deal with problems in

uncertain and

2 Replace the underlined parts with
the correct forms of the words from
the unit.

1 Mr Smith is strict, but always honest about
his feelings and fair.

2 I find the legal system to be extremely
complex.

3 The two men were arrested again only a
week after they were released from jail.

4 Life, freedom, and the pursuit of happiness
are essential to all human beings.

5 Inorderto save time, John bought a hamburger
for lunch ata fast-food restaurant.

Paraphrase the following sentences
using the correct forms of the words
in brackets.

1 Ihave qualifications to work as a surgeon in
Sydney. (license)

2 Onlya small group of people supported the
new law. (minority)

3 Brazil's “Big Zero’ stadium, located on the |
equator, holds 10,000 people . (seating
capacity)

4 The local government has paid for the
expenses for his university studies. (sponsor)

5 Anew session has begun to discuss an
increase in the crimes that hurt people in
popular tourist areas. (violence)

Use the correct forms of the words
to complete the passage about
Californians’ love for sport.

golf
dive

premier temporary

frequency _ citizen

Sport is an important part of the culture

in California. Because of the good climate,

Californians can spend a lot of time outdoors,

so many people play a sport of some kind. The

larger towns and cities have many facilities

for their such as football

fields, swimming pools, and

courses. And for those who like walking,

climbing, surfing, and there

are the mountains and some of the world’s
beaches. Californians also

enjoy watching sport, so lots of people go to

live sporting events . The
excitement and party atmosphere of live sport
can make people forget all
their problems and relax. 二 od

二 UNIT2 ICONIC ATTRACTIONS

Using Structures /

1 Complete the sentences using the 3 [felt forwards
-ed forms of the verbs below, and when the bus suddenly stopped.
then state the functions of the -ed 4 Tobe frank, I won't have
forms. with useless discussion.
5 Icannot bear the smell of
balance astonish expose on the barbecue.

sid e leave introduce 6 A: Timmy, youd better have

before I get home from
work. It’s in a mess.

1 Iwas to see so many
B: Sure, Mum.

new inventions in the AI session at the
science and technology expo.

2 The room, to the rest of
the house by a long passage, was completely

3 Below is an introduction to
Australian Aboriginal rock art, but
it contains quite a few verb form

empty: _ mistakes. Correct the mistakes.
3 in the sun, the wet carpet

soon dried offand looked brand new again.

4 Even though some of her classmates study
long hours, she is generally able to maintain
a lifestyle.

5 Never touch an electric wire when it is

6 by the Chinese
government in 2013, the Belt and
Road Initiative has strongly supported
the economic development of many

Australian Aboriginal rock art is among the most
highly prizing in the world, thanks to its age, detail,
2 Complete the sentences with the freshness, and range of colour. Australia has 100,000

words in the left box and the -ed known rock art sites. In many areas it’s possible to
forms of the verbs in the right box.

participating countries.

visit this rock art to accompany by an Aboriginal

myself my time burn ___ tidy person who can provide explanations and cultural

ner aes perform throw interpretations of each work's complicated

your bedroom take up display ; ee

the play sausage erat meaning. Many samples of Aboriginal rock art

their car | accurately dated back as far as 28,000 years. Some
— — — sites are among the oldest in the world, estimating

EXAMPLE
Lisa was the leading actress! We saw the to be 40,000 years old.
play performed on stage yesterday evening. The rock art is also a record of Aboriginal life

1 The husband was careless enough to leave
the car lights on overnight, and in the
morning his wife couldn’t get figures carry spears, boomerangs, bows and

many centuries ago. You can admire ancient

一 一 一 一 _ - arrows, frogs and other animals, a sailing ship,
2 My cousin dreams of becoming a painter

and wants ina

gallery.

and a female spirit with four arms.

69

WORKBOOK : 一

Listening and Speaking

1

The following are photos from Cape Town in South Africa. In groups, describe
the photos and discuss what you think they are about.

70

Listen to a tour guide’s introduction to some of the attractions of Cape Town.
Were your guesses correct? Tick the attractions that are mentioned in the
introduction, and describe them in your own words.

Listen again, and then answer the questions below.

Where is Cape Town located and how was it described?
How old is Table Mountain and what is its “table cloth”?
How was diving with sharks described?

Why is Bo-Kaap so special?

What do the ducks do during the Duck Parade?

DO 上 Am PP 一

How has the African penguin population increased?

Discuss in groups how your local city compares to Cape Town.

« the location and geography e the natural icons the historic places
« the animals 。 the parks 。 other

Give a presentation as a group. Each of you can focus on one aspect of your city.
Include photos if possible.
@) 1

- UNIT2 ICONIC ATTRACTIONS

Reading and Writing

Read the text and complete the sentences below.

1 Australian cuisine features a lot of and

2 Kangaroo is both a popular and Australia’s national :

3 Each region of Australia has its own using the seafood found in its

4 lf you really want to see the kinds of seafood available, visit the in Sydney
or go

5 Australians love to eat and cook food on the

WHAT'S COOKING IN AUSTRALIA?

To fully appreciate Australian cuisine, you have
to consider the unique nature of its wildlife
and geography. For one thing, there are the
wide plains in the interior of the country, which
are home to millions of grazing animals. For
another, there is Australia’s long coastline,
which is next to all the riches of the sea. It
is no wonder then that much of Australian
cuisine centres around red meat and seafood.

One of the most popular red meats in Australia is also unique to the continent: kangaroo. This

may seem strange as the kangaroo is a national symbol of Australia. However, in recent years,
kangaroos have increased in number to around 45 million. These kangaroos wander onto the GE
roads and into cities, making trouble. Their increased numbers have also harmed plants and :
other wildlife. As a consequence, the government is encouraging people to use these animals

as food, and kangaroo has become one of the most popular items on the Australian dinner

table.

As for seafood, many of the first Europeans who came to Australia loved the sea. Perhaps
this is one reason why so many Australians live near the coast. Since the coastline is so long,
each region has its own dishes that are related to the seafood found in its waters. The list OF ~~
seafood available at the local fish market is like a tour of the coast: salmon, prawns, oysters, #
tuna, shark, crab, and many more. However, if you want to really take in the full experience,
you should go to the fish market in Sydney early in the morning and see the fish being

prepared for sale. Better yet, you can sign up to go deep-sea fishing.

But then, how is all this food cooked? Perhaps the favourite way of cooking food in

Australia is the barbecue, or “barbie”. Given the fine weather, Australians love to eat
Pe “Sn, aie ee

WORKBOOK - 一 一 —

72

__ Whisk the egg whites until they are stiff. Add the salt. Add the sugar a little at a time and continue

_ whipped cream. Top the whipped cream with your choice of chopped fresh fruit. }

outside. Casual friendliness is the key to such meals. It is a
time for friends and relatives to get together and have fun. =
Even strangers passing through will be offered a seat, a cold
drink, and something off the grill. Often these barbecues
feature a “mixed grill”, which means cooking all kinds of meat, *
seafood, and vegetables. So, at an Australian barbecue, you
don’t have to eat kangaroo—or even eat meat at all—if you
don’t want to.

Beyond this, what is Australian cooking? As Australia is a

diverse country with people from many nations, Australian
cooking now has flavours and cuisines from around the globe. No matter who you are and
no matter what cuisine interests you, you are always sure to find a warm welcome and a full
plate waiting for you in Australia.

Read the text again and answer the questions.

Why does Australian cuisine centre around red meat and seafood?

Why is the Australian government encouraging people to use kangaroos as food?
What is probably one reason why many Australians live by the coast?

Why do many Australians love barbecues so much?

What does the “casual friendliness” of an Australian barbecue mean?

akon 一

Discuss the questions and take notes.

1 What kind of cuisine is typical in your hometown?
2 What geographic or historical reasons make that kind of cuisine popular?
3 What is the most popular dish in your hometown? How is it made?

Use your notes to write about the food from your hometown. Include a recipe like
the one below for your favourite dish.

PAVLOVA

By far the favourite dessert in Australia is the paviova, which was named after the famous
Russian ballet dancer Anna Pavlova, who visited Australia in the 1920s.

INGREDIENTS
4 egg whites a little salt |
1 cup sugar 2 teaspoons flour |

2/3 teaspoon vinegar ”2/3teaspoon vanilla

2 cups cream fresh fruit

|

|
|
whisking until you have a meringue. Mix the flour, vinegar, and vanilla together. Add to the meringue. |
Spread the meringue on a baking sheet. Put it into a heated oven and cook at 120°C for 1 hour. Turn off ，
the oven. Leave the meringue in the oven until it is cool. Whip the cream. Cover the meringue with the ，

7

- UNIT2 ICONIC ATTRACTIONS
*Expanding Your World ///

THE KIWI

The kiwi is a flightless New Zealand bird of which New Zealanders are very proud. This unusual
bird has become a national symbol of the country. New Zealanders themselves are also known all
over the world as “Kiwis”, a nickname they are very proud of. The bird has also lent its name to a
small, brown, and egg-shaped fruit, the kiwi fruit, though outside New Zealand, this fruits name is
often shortened to “kiwi”.

The Fruit

The kiwi fruit is actually native to China and was originally collected
from the wild for use in medicine. In the early 1900s, the fruit
spread from China to New Zealand, where farmers began to
grow them for sale. In the 1940s, the Americans and the British
stationed in New Zealand during the war discovered this amazing
fruit, and soon after that, the kiwi fruit began to be exported to the
UK and later to the US. It was when the fruit began to be sold in the US that it received the nickname
“kiwi fruit”, which was quickly shortened to “kiwi”.

The People

The nickname Kiwi used to refer to the country of New Zealand, but after the First World War, New
Zealanders began to be referred to (and to refer to themselves) by the nickname “Kiwis”. A large part
of the reason was that there were some New Zealand soldier units that put a picture of the kiwi (the
bird) on their badges. Today, the bird's picture is used on many New Zealand products and is worn
on the sports clothes of many national sporting teams.

The Bird

The kiwi bird is nocturnal, waking up and coming out of its
nest on the ground to feed only at night. It is the only bird in
the world that has its nostrils at the end of its beak. All other
birds have them above their beaks, close to their face. The
female kiwi holds the world record for laying the largest egg
in proportion to its body size. Although the kiwi is only about
the size of a chicken, the female lays a single egg almost as
big as an ostrich egg. The name “kiwi” comes from the Maori
language and is an imitation of the loud cry the male kiwi
makes during the mating season.

Unfortunately, the kiwi is an endangered species. It is threatened by non-native animals, such as
cats and dogs, and by the loss of its habitat. Kiwis (the people) are doing their best to save the kiwi
(the bird) and there are many programmes in place for this purpose. It would, indeed, be sad if New
Zealand's national symbol were to become extinct.

73

一 一 WORKBOOK 一 一

THE THORN BIRDS (Adapted)

Colleen McCullough |

Paddy and the boys loved it Sometimes they spent days on end riding horses miles away from
home and camping at night under a sky so vast and filled with stars.

The grey-brown land was full of life. Kangaroos in flocks of thousands streamed leaping through
the trees, taking fences with ease, lovely in their grace and freedom and numbers; emus built their
nests in the middle of the grassy plain and walked like giants about their territorial boundaries,
taking fright at anything strange and running fleeter than horses away from their dark-green,
football-sized eggs; termites built rusty towers like miniature skyscrapers; huge ants with a savage
bite poured in rivers down holes in the ground.

The bird life was so rich and varied there seemed
no end to new kinds, and they lived not in ones
and twos but in thousands upon thousands:
tiny green-and-yellow parakeets Fee used to call
lovebirds, but which the locals called budgerigars;
scarlet-and-blue smallish parrots called rosellas;
big pale-grey parrots with brilliant purplish-pink
breasts, underwings and heads, called galahs; and
the great pure white birds with cheeky yellow
是 combs called sulphur-crested cockatoos. The
strong brown kingfishers called kookaburras
laughed joyfully or dived for snakes, their favourite
food. They were almost human, all these birds, and completely without fear, sitting in hundreds in
the trees looking about with bright intelligent eyes, screaming, talking, laughing, imitating anything
that produced a sound.

Fearsome lizards five or six feet long pounded over the ground and leaped easily for high tree
branches, as at home off the earth as on it; they were goannas. And there were many other lizards,
smaller but some no less frightening, with swollen, bright-blue tongues. Of snakes the variety was
almost endless, and the Clearys learned that the biggest and most dangerous-looking were often

the least dangerous, while a little creature a foot long might be a death adder; carpet snakes, copper |
snakes, tree snakes, red-bellied black snakes, brown snakes, lethal tiger snakes. i

And insects! Grasshoppers, locusts, crickets, bees, flies of all sizes and sorts, cicadas, gnats, dragontlies,
giant moths and so many butterflies! The spiders were terrible, huge hairy things inches across, or
small but deadly black things hiding in the toilet; some lived in vast wheeling webs hanging between
trees, some rocked inside webs in the grass, others dived into little holes in the ground complete with
lids which shut after them.

This, thought the boys excitedly, was life.

UNIT 3 - E SEA EXPLORATION 一 人

Using Words and Expressions

1

Match the words with their meanings.
Then make a sentence with each word.

1 laptop 5 mercy
2 log 6 opponent___
3 possession coverage
4 profession = 8s mixture

A ajob that needs special training anda good
education
B thestate of owning something

C asmall computer that can be easily carried

D a kind attitude towards somebody you have

the ability to harm

E someone that you are playing against in a
competition

F torecord information

G acombination of different things

H reporting in newspapers or on television

Complete the following sentences
with the words in the box.

mixture
a

channel mercy
Fe

Inspired by his teacher Johnny has decided to

enter the teaching

Although her major was chemistry, ——

Thatcher chose as her

career in the end.

Small boats on the sea are sometimes at the
of violent weather.

If you dont like this TV programme, you can

change

This city is a

modern buildings.

of ancient and

3 Study the examples and then fill in
the third column.

4

Examples Verbs Nouns
a 4 extend
xpand—»
expansion comprehend
include» persuade
inclusion provide
respond» applaud
mesponse defend
participate» calculate
participation negotiate
permit» submit
permission admit
impress» possess
impression express
gather» paint
gathering wart
encourage» entitle
encouragement enjoy
approve > refuse
approval arrive

Translate the sentences into
English using the words in
brackets.

1 BOO, 原谅 别人 , 你 会 更 快乐 ! (forgive)
2 在 比赛 的 大 部 分 时 间 里 , 他 们 的 对 手 都 控制
住 了 球 。(opponent possession)

纳税 是 公民 为 社会 做 贡献 的 重要 途径 。(tax)
4 这 两 个 人 因为 涉嫌 抢劫 被 逮捕 。(arrest)

5 今 晚 有 高 尔 夫 球 锦标 赛 的 现场 直播 。

(coverage, tournament)

o

75

WORKBOOK 一

76

Using Structures

1

Complete the dialogues with the
correct forms of the words in
brackets.

1 A: Willyour parents be back from their holiday
tomorrow?
B: No, they decided
their trip.

(extend)

2 A: Have you got the test result on the new
medicine?

B: Yes, it has proved (be)
somewhat effective, but further testing
remains (do).

3 A: Wow! I didn't expect Pete (be)
such a good swimmer!

B: (spend) the past summer
practising almost every day, he is now
able (swim) much faster
than before.

4 A: What happened? You were supposed
(be) in Beijing by now!

B: I overslept and rushed to the airport,
only (find) that the check-in
counter had closed.

5 A: Which season do you like most?

B: Winter. Because the city looks very beautiful
when (cover) with snow.

6 A: Whois considered (be) the
father of the computer: Charles Babbage,
Alan Turing, John Vincent Atanasoff, or
John von Neumann?

B: Well, they are all believed
(make) important contributions to
computer science.

Mark the function of the infinitive in
each sentence. Then translate them
into Chinese.

To be or not to be, that is the question.
It is better to give than to take.

Youre never too old to learn.

To know everything is to know nothing.
To save time is to lengthen life.

ahon 一

3 Complete the news report below

with the appropriate forms of the
verbs in brackets. What else do you
know about Jiaolong?

Named after a mythical dragon, Jiaolong is China's

first manned deep-sea research submersible. It

was developed by Chinese designers

(start) from 2002 and entered service in 2010,
(make) China the fifth country in the

world with deep-sea exploration technology.

In 2017, during a 138-day expedition that
(start) in February, the submersible’s mother ship,
Xiangyanghong 09 sailed nearly 34,000 km into the
South China Sea, the northwestern Indian Ocean,
and the northwestern Pacific Ocean. Jiaolong
conducted 30 dives (make) scientific
investigations and (collect) samples.
The submersible made five dives in the Mariana
Trench and the Yap Trench, both in the western
Pacific Ocean. These operations have enabled
scientists (better understand)
geographical and biological conditions deep under

the oceans.

Right now, Jiaolong is undergoing maintenance
before (start) its next adventure.
In 2020, Jiaolong will begin its first global deep-
sea scientific exploration mission. It will have a
new mother ship, which is (name)
Deep Sea No. 1. This grand mission is intended

(strengthen) China’s capacity in

(survey) deep-sea environments and
will increase the nations influence in this field.

- 一 UNIT 3 SEA EXPLORATION ”一 -一

Listening and Speaking

™@) 1 Read the news reports about shark attacks. Then write the headlines for the
news reports.

Headline Man Lucky To Be Alive After Shallow-Water Shark Attack
News : A man is recovering at home after being attacked by a shark while standing in about
report

60 cm of water at sunset yesterday. He received cuts to his leg and foot. A hospital
spokesman said the injuries were not serious and the man was not admitted to hospital.

Headline
News ， In Hawaii, a shark bit off the right arm of a 23-year-old surfer while she was on her
report? card in clear water Sherry Wilson lost her right arm just below the shoulder. Daniel
Wilson said his daughter was resting in hospital.
Headline
News A 31-year-old man was attacked by a 2-metre shark while snorkelling this morning.
report 3

He was bitten on the left side of his body and has been taken by air to hospital.

©) 2 Listen to an interview with shark expert Carl, and number the information in
the correct order.

Shark populations grow at a slow rate.

Alot of sharks are killed because of modern fishing.
People should stop shark fishing.

Shark attacks get a lot of attention.

Shark populations are decreasing rapidly.

The endangered species need to be protected.

The chance of being bitten by a shark is actually very small.
Millions of sharks are killed each year.

©) 3 Listen to the interview again and answer the questions.

How many people are killed by sharks each year?

Why are so many sharks being killed?

How does the shark’s biology affect shark populations?

What does Carl think will happen if people don’t stop shark fishing?
How long have shark species been in existence?

akon 一

4 How can humans further improve their relationships with life in the ocean?
Prepare a short speech and present it to the class.

77
WORKBOOK

Reading and Writing

Look at the title and the photo of the text. Then answer the questions below.

1 What objects can you see on the beach?
2 Where do you think they came from?
3 What words do you think might appear in the article?

™@) 2 Read the text and then answer the questions on page 79.

A SEA OF PLASTIC

Scientists visiting tiny Henderson Island in the South Pacific recently made an alarming
discovery. Although it is one of the most remote places on the earth and previously
untouched by humans, the island was covered in plastic waste. They calculated there were
38 million pieces of plastic, weighing almost 18 tons, with thousands of new pieces washing
up each day. “No country has a free pass—we found plastic from everywhere,” said one
scientist. “We all have a responsibility, and we have to sit up and pay attention. This is not an
issue to ignore. We need to do something now to protect the sea.”

Plastic waste in the sea has long been known about, but only now are we discovering the
true extent of the problem. Plastic takes hundreds of years to decompose, so all the plastic
ever produced still exists somewhere. Around 95% of plastics made are not recycled, and
large amounts enter the sea. Currents collect this waste in large circular systems called
“gyres”. One of the largest is in the Pacific Ocean, an area now known as the “Great Pacific
Garbage Patch’.

一 一 UNIT 3 SEA EXPLORATION

The problem gets worse as plastic breaks down into very small pieces, or “micro plastic”. This is
eaten by fish and leads to massive species loss. Humans also eat these fish, and micro plastic
has even been found in tap water around the world. The problem has spread too far to ignore.
The plastic on Henderson Island accounts for just 2 seconds’ worth of global annual plastic
production. That production will more than triple by 2050. Then there will be the same weight of
plastic in the sea as fish.

However, there are some young minds working to clean up and protect the sea for future
generations. While diving in Greece, young Boyan Slat noticed there was more plastic waste than
fish. He decided right then to dedicate his life to solving this problem. Previously the problem was
considered too big to solve; collecting the plastic with boats and nets would be expensive, would
harm sea life, and would take thousands of years! But, Boyan thought, why move through the
sea when the sea can move through you? To work with the currents and gyres would help collect
the waste. So he started The Ocean Cleanup project, which places very long floating barriers in
the Pacific. Currents then concentrate the waste naturally so it can be collected and recycled. He
hopes to reduce the patch by 50% in just five years.

“Many problems today are side effects of things people didn’t think about in the past,” he says.
“Sea plastic is a symbol of the negative effects of our lifestyle and technology. Our aim should be
to create a new lifestyle for this century. Protecting the sea from plastic is a good place to start!”

What alarming discovery did the scientists make?
What are “gyres”?

What is the “Great Pacific Garbage Patch”?

Why does “micro plastic” make things even worse?
How does The Ocean Cleanup project work?

ahon 一

3 Write an argumentative essay about sea protection.

1 Choose a topic from the box below. You can also choose your own topic.

* protecting seaanimals  。 preventing oil spills/petrol leaks
* preserving sea resources ° reducing pollution
* collecting sea waste * promoting better understanding of and respect for the sea

2 Before you write, consider and discuss these questions.

e Why is it important to protect the sea? What facts support this?

s。 What is the issue you want to highlight? Why is it happening?

e What facts illustrate this issue?

» Does everyone agree on the issue? What different opinions are there about it?

。 What solutions are there already for this issue? Do they work? Are they being used?
» What solution do you think would work for this issue? Why? How would it work?

3 Include your opinions on the topic, and find facts to support and prove your point.

79

WORKBOOK

*Expanding Your World

SEA FEVER

John Masefield

| must go down to the seas again, to the lonely sea and the sky,
And all | ask is a tall ship and a star to steer her by;
And the wheel's kick and the wind's song and the white sail’s shaking,

And a grey mist on the sea’s face, and a grey dawn breaking.

| must go down to the seas again, for the call of the running tide

Is a wild call and a clear call that may not be denied;

And all | ask is a windy day with the white clouds flying,

And the flung spray and the blown spume, and the sea-gulls crying.

| must go down to the seas again, to the vagrant gypsy life,
To the gull’s way and the whale’s way, where the wind's like a whetted knife;

And all | ask is a merry yarn from a laughing fellow-rover,
And quiet sleep and a sweet dream when the long trick’s over.

UNIT3 SEA EXPLORATION

WINNNSSSSS<eNTHE SEASHORE

Rabindranath Tagore

On the seashore of endless worlds children meet.
The infinite sky is motionless overhead

And the restless water is boisterous.

On the seashore of endless worlds

The children meet with shouts and dances.

They build their houses with sand,

And they play with empty shells.

With withered leaves they weave

Their boats and smilingly float them

On the vast deep.

Children have their play on the aE

Seashore of worlds.

=
They know not how to swim, ea
They know not how to cast nets. Be
Pearl-fishers dive for pearls, —

Merchants sail in their ships, oh
While children gather pebbles 711
And scatter them again. =
They seek not for hidden treasures,
They know not how to cast nets.

The sea surges up with laughter,

And pale gleams the smile of the sea-beach.
Death-dealing waves sing

Meaningless ballads to the children,

Even like a mother while rocking her baby’s cradle.
The sea plays with children,

And pale gleams the smile of the sea-beach.

On the seashore of endless worlds children meet.
Tempest roams in the pathless sky,

Ships are wrecked in the trackless water,

Death is abroad and children play.

On the seashore of endless worlds is the

Great meeting of children. ~

82

UNIT 4 a

Using Words and Expressions

1 Match the words with their

meanings. Then make a sentence
with each word.

1 chorus 4 shade
2 ripe 5 weed
3 secondary 6 circus

A awild plant growing where it is not wanted

B a dark and cool area under or behind
something

C something that is said by a group of people
at the same time

D a group of entertainers, sometimes with
trained animals

E less important than something else

F (of fruit or crops) fully grown and ready to
be eaten

Rewrite the sentences by replacing
the underlined words with the key
words from this unit.

1 Tinned food should be stored in an area

without sunlight.
2 The decision was reached after a discussion

with parents and teachers.

3 Teachers who are more flexible in their
teaching methods can inspire their students
to be more creative.

4 The young boy ran home, blocking the hole
at the bottom of his jug with his hand to
stop the water from pouring out.

Translate the following sentences into
English using the words in brackets.

1 如 果 你 感染 了 该 病毒 , 你 应 该 马上 咨询 医生
REE EMA FRE. (consult)

2 每 个 人 都 有 自己 的 音乐 品味 , 那 该 用 什么 标准
来 判断 一 首 歌 的 曲调 是 否 优美 呢 ? (criteria,
tune)

3 他 在 巡回 演讲 中 想 要 传达 给 观众 的 是 ，
分 享 是 有 价值 的 ,而 自私 导致 贫穷 。(relay

circuit)

4 她 在 讨论 中 提供 的 专业 知识 非常 有 用 , 虽然
我 们 采取 行动 的 时 机 还 未 到 。(input ripe)

5 这 个 老人 拖 着 一 个 大 包 庄 吃力 地 走 着 , HE
能 早点 到 家 。(drag, parcel)

Complete the passage using the
correct forms of the words in the box.
Then give a title to it.

taste forehead until mechanic even
stability without uniform deserve rigid

About fifty years ago, I was just a high school
graduate when my neighbour introduced
me to my first job at a railway construction

site. I had never pictured myself putting on a

andbeingtrainedtobea
.Althoughitwasa

job, it was much harder than I had expected,

and there were so many rules

we had to follow. And the mosquitoes at night

were just terrible, for a native

Tanzanian. I got a of just how

hard life could be for construction workers,
when I had never given them a thought
before in my life. However, my misfortunes
brought a dear friend into my life: Liu Ming
from China. The man has a
as wide as mine, but his eyes and nose are
smaller. At one time I became seriously ill. He
took me to a Chinese clinic, where I received
free medical treatment. He stayed with me
I recovered. Over the years,
Thave told my children and grandchildren that
China our thanks for the
railway connecting us and Zambia, and that
Liu, they wouldn't have their
father or grandfather around to tell them stories

of China.

Using Structures

1 Finish the story with the phrases in

the box. Then give a title to it.

Both Joand| upto intheir names

aswell Acouple ofyears pulled out

pretty seriously in need

ago, my wife and I
a gift catalogue for people

and invited each of our kids to choose something
that we could buy . When
we handed the list to our nine-year-old daughter,
we expected her to choose a toilet or a sewing
machine or something similar. But instead, she
thought it through and chose

“village development package’, which was worth

$5,000.

were surprised and ashamed, as our daughter's

generosity really challenged our finances and

pushed the limits of our generosity

2 Underline the phrases in the
sentences below. Then delete
some of the phrases to make the

sentences shorter and see how the

meanings have changed.

1 Jenny was a bit nervous when she heard the
exciting news that she had been selected as
an overseas volunteer for the 2020 Tokyo
Olympics, since she had no concept of what

she would be needed to do.

2 Yesterday, the local police announced,
“Suspected of murdering seven people, two
men at large for almost forty years were

arrested on Monday at last.”

3 Walking down the dusty track, we
constantly came across elderly people with
wrinkled foreheads working in the fields

without batting an eye at the passers-by.

_ - UNIT4 SHARING

4 The Chinese soldiers, who are dressed in
neat green army uniforms, have been making
a great difference in war-stricken districts,
where life has been turned upside down.

3 Read the poem below and analyse

the use of phrases. How do these
phrases express feelings?

As | Grew Older

It was a long time ago.

| have almost forgotten my dream.
But it was there then,

In front of me,

Bright like a sun—

My dream.

And then the wall rose,

Rose slowly,

Slowly,

Between me and my dream.
Rose slowly, slowly,

Dimming,

Hiding,

The light of my dream.

Rose until it touched the sky—
The wall.

Shadow.
lam black.

| lie down in the shadow.

No longer the light of my dream before me,
Above me.

Only the thick wall.

Only the shadow.

My hands!

My dark hands!

Break through the wall!

Find my dream!

Help me to shatter this darkness,
To smash this night,

To break this shadow

Into a thousand lights of sun,

Into a thousand whirling dreams
Of sun!

by Langston Hughes

人

WORKBOOK

Listening and Speaking

1 Annie, amember of the Community Care Committee, is talking to students
about The Fred Hollows Foundation. Before you listen, look at the photos,
read the captions, and predict what the speech is about.

Professor Fred Hollows
showing Vietnamese
doctors how to prepare
a patient for surgery

How things would look
if you had cataracts

Photo courtesy of The Fred

Hollows Foundation Photo courtesy of Michael

Amendolia

( 2 Listen to Annie’s speech. Take notes and complete the table below.
Year Event
1985
1992
1993

1994

(> 3 Listen again and fill in the blanks. Then write the correct letter next to each
part of the speech.

__| Did you know that somebody in the world ? What is
worse is that do not need to be blind at all.
[| Do you know what a “cataract” is? It’s when the lens of your eye until

eventually you can’t see anything. That sounds terrible but the treatment

Cataracts can be removed and replaced by a special Perspex lens. This simple operation
and by the next day the patient . Because blind people
, they cannot pay for the operation, so they have of

seeing again.

An Australian eye doctor named Fred Hollows was determined to find a way to
of this operation. Today, more than people have had their

eyesight restored, thanks to the work of the foundation.

C]

Fred Hollows spent his life in . He believed action was the
In my opinion, this is the best kind of volunteer work:

4 What problem would you like to solve? Imagine that you could set up a charity
to help with this problem. Prepare a presentation about your charity. Use the
organisation of the speech above to help you.

84

UNIT4 SHARING

Reading and Writing

™@) 1 What do you think the title below is referring to? Read the text and find out if you
are right.

HOME ABOUT ORDER CONTACT US

Are you looking for a special gift for a special person? Then this
is the site for you. The gift you choose here is not something for a
loved one to keep but a voluntary contribution in his or her name to
people who really need it.

First, choose a truly useful gift for some of the world’s poorest,
giving hope for a better future to a community in need. Then, when
you purchase the item, we will send you an attractive card for you
to send to that loved one. You can use the cards for any special
occasion: weddings, births, anniversaries, Christmas, etc.

GIFTS COST (AUD)

20 tree seedlings $5

A loan to set up a women’s self-help group $8

3 months’ water supply for one person $10
Training in vegetable farming $15
Child vaccinations against 6 killer diseases $20
School books $20
Basic adult education $25
Basic health-care services $30
One year of primary schooling $35
A goat $40
A supply toilet $50
3 months’ water supply for a family $65
A loan to set up a small business $85
A sewing machine $100
Nutritional supplements for a family $130
Oxen for ploughing $180

A set of books on health and medical care $200
Assistance for families headed by children $300

A community primary school $500
A village tractor $1,000
A well and water pump $1,350

<1 >|
85

ev

——— WORKBOOK 一

Dear '

To let you know that | am thinking of you on
this special day, | have purchased a gift from
the World’s Most Useful Gifts catalogue in your
name for some of the world’s poorest people.

This gift will train a small community in India,
Kenya, or Bangladesh in new agricultural
methods, and it will provide seeds and simple
agricultural equipment. Just 20% more produce
will mean the difference between sickness and
health, and between families going hungry and
families providing for themselves.

From,

eo

2 Read the text again and answer the questions.

Why might someone purchase a gift from this catalogue?

How might a women’s self-help group be useful?

Which gifts are related to education? How are they useful to the poor?
How many gifts are related to health and medical care?

Which gifts help to support families? How about a whole community?

ak won 一

3 Discuss the following questions in groups.

1 Is this a good way to provide help to the poor? Why or why not?
2 What other gifts can you think of that might be helpful to poor areas?

4 Think about what students, families, schools, and teachers may need in poor
areas. Create your gift catalogue.

1 Make a list of gifts that would be helpful. Use the mind map below to help you.
2 Write a short description for your gift catalogue.
3 Organise your list and create a nice advertisement for your catalogue.

Help for students Help for schools
- one students fees for one year

- one student's books for one year
- one student's supplies for one year

BS |
GIFT
CATALOGUE
Help for teachers a \\ Help for families

86
_ =— - UNIT4 SHARING

*Expanding Your World

FOR THE CHILDREN (Adapted)

Audrey Hepburn

Up until just over a year ago, before | was given the great privilege
of becoming a volunteer for UNICEF, | used to be overwhelmed by
a sense of desperation and helplessness when watching television
and reading about the indescribable misery of the developing
world’s children and their mothers. If | feel less helpless today,
it’s because | have seen what can be done and what is being
done by UNICEF, by all the other agencies, by the churches, by
governments and, most of all, by people themselves.

The effect of the monstrous burden of debt has made the poor
even poorer and has fallen most heavily on the neediest, and those
whom it has damaged the most are the mothers and children. We
must do more about the alarming state in which the children in
the developing world are only just surviving, especially when we
know that the finances needed are minimal compared to the global
expenditure of this world; when we know that less than half of one
percent of today’s world economy would be the total required to eradicate the worst aspects of
poverty and would meet basic human needs over the next 10 years. In other words, there is no
deficit in human resources. The deficit is in human will.

The question I’m most frequently asked is: “What do you really do for UNICEF?” Clearly, my task
is to inform, to create awareness of the needs of children. To fully understand the problems of the
state of the world’s children, it would be nice to be an expert on education, economics, politics,
religions, traditions, cultures ... I’m none of these things, but | am a mother and will travel.

There is, unhappily, a need for greater advocacy for children—children haunted by malnutrition,
disease, and death, and you don’t have to be a financial whizz to look into so many little faces
with glazed, diseased eyes to know that this is the result of critical malnutrition, one of the worst
symptoms of which is vitamin A deficiency, that causes corneal lesions resulting in partial or total
blindness, followed by death within a few weeks. Every year, there are as many as 500,000 such
cases in countries like Indonesia, Bangladesh, India, the Philippines, and Ethiopia. Today there
are in fact two hundred million children at risk of going blind. Little wonder that | and many other
UNICEF volunteers travel the world to raise funds before it’s too late, but also to raise awareness
and to combat a different kind of darkness—a darkness people find themselves in through lack of
information on how easy it is to reach out and help these children. It costs eighty-four cents a year
to stop a child from going blind—the price of two vitamin A capsules.

| have known UNICEF for a long time. In fact, almost 45 years ago, | was one of the tens of
thousands of children in war-ravaged Europe to receive aid from UNICEF immediately after our

87
liberation, a liberation that freed us from hunger, repression, and constant violence, and we were
reduced to near total poverty, as is the developing world today. It is poverty that is at the root of
all their suffering—not having the means to help themselves, and that is what UNICEF is all about:
helping people to help themselves, giving them the aid to develop, and thereby allowing them to
become self-reliant and live in dignity.

Unlike droughts, floods, or earthquakes, the tragedy of poverty cannot easily be captured by the
media and brought to the attention of the worldwide public. It is happening not in any one particular
place, but in slums and shanties and neglected rural communities across two continents. It is
happening not at any one particular time but over long years of increasing poverty, which have not
been featured in the nightly news but which have changed the lives of many millions of people.

UNICEF's business is children, not the workings of the international economy. In its everyday work
in over 100 developing nations, UNICEF is brought up against the face of today’s international
economic problems which is not seen in the corridors of financial power, not reflected in the
statistics of debt service ratios, not seated at the conference tables of debt negotiations. It is in
the face of a child. It is the young child whose growing mind and body is susceptible to permanent
damage from even temporary deprivation. The human brain and body are formed within the first five
years of life and there is no second chance. It is the young child whose individual development today
and whose social contribution tomorrow are being shaped by the economics of now. It is the young
child who is paying the highest of all prices.

If we are meant to “love thy (your) neighbour as thyself”, then surely we should love these children
as our own, Children are our most vital resource, our hope for the future. Children cannot wait. They
are too fragile to wait for an economic crisis to pass. Their time is running out. We must help them
now not only to survive, but to hope and perhaps even to dream. Every child has a right to health, to
tenderness, and to life.

Thank you!

UNIT 5 :

Using Words and Expressions

1

Replace the underlined parts with
the correct forms of the key words
and phrases from the unit.

1 The report concluded that the new enterprise
should be started, and the decision was well
supported by all the meeting participants.

2 She finally got back her wallet with the help
of the policeman.

3 I missed the beginning of the concert
because I couldn't find a place to park my car.

4 With a beautiful style of writing and fluent
English, she beat other applicants and got
the secretary job.

5 The shirt sewn by the famous tailor is almost
perfect except for the part around the neck.

Read and complete an account of a
person who has pursued different
career paths. How much do you
agree with his/her style of choosing a
career?

attendto fitinto debt
amateur priority finance
resign apply f

I have never wondered what I should do when
deciding on a career choice. My top
is finding something that suits my passion.
I developed a strong interest in information
technology in high school, so I chose a related
university major and studied hard. After I
graduated, I worked in a(n)
company and was responsible for processing
repayments for about five
years. Then I wanted to try something new.
As travelling was also one of my passions,
I a job that provided the
chance to travel around the world. However,
after two years of travelling and always having
endless business to I kind
of lost my passion. I decided to take a rest, so
I from my job and worked

as a volunteer for an educational organisation.

— LAUNCHING YOUR CAREER

Then I found my new passion was to help
college graduates society.
Now I want to be a career coach. I am still an

in this field, but I believe
T have a lot of experience and I think others

could benefit from it.

Translate the sentences into
English using the words and
phrases in brackets.

1 如 果 你 毕业 后 想 在 金融 领域 工作 ， 作 为
学 生 , 你 的 首要 任务 是 获得 相关 的 学 历 。
(finance industry, priority)

2 我 支持 我 姐姐 选择 特殊 教育 专业 , 因为 她 很

有 耐心 、 喜欢 小 孩 , 还 总 是 愿意 照顾 别人 的

需要 。(attendto)

3 ”因为 能 够 提供 更 好 的 职业 发 展 机 会 , 这 家

公司 每 年 都 能 收 到 几 千 份 简历 和 求职 信 。

application letter CV)

4 在 中 国 这 样 一 个 社会 主义 国家 , 共产 党 员
应 始终 把 国家 和 人 民 的 需要 放 在 首位 。
(socialist, communist, priority)

5 侦探 通过 追踪 一 张 偶然 留 下 的 收据 , 最 终 破
获 了 案件 。(detective receipt)

Use an English dictionary or check
online to find more collocations
for the words below. Then make
sentences with the phrases.

drawer collar debt fry
finance bounce priority security

Word Partnership [leyyoe

open/pull out a drawer, go/look/
search through drawers, ...

I've been looking through my drawers
eg. for my student card, but I can't find it.

89
WORKBOOK

Using Structures

1

Read the following sentences and
decide what kind of long sentences
they are, and then try to translate
them into Chinese.

1 Becoming a novelist is one of my dreams,
and I would also like to be a school

teacher.

2 The famous designer released her new line
on Wednesday, which will no doubt start
a new fashion trend this year.

3 June got accepted by her favourite
university, but she decided to postpone
her enrollment and applied to do

volunteer work in Africa for a year instead.

4 While waiting for the paint to dry, Angela
explained to the children what she was
trying to communicate in her painting,
and they all listened attentively with
admiring expressions on their faces.

5 joined a music club a couple of months
ago and I have been listening to some
neoclassical music recently, which has
helped me develop a new respect for
classical music.

6 The teacher divided the students into
pairs, with John and Sarah ending up as
partners for a project, which Sarah wasn’t

happy about.

2 Read this information about a new

jet and rewrite the sentences using
long sentences. Then put them in
order to make a logical paragraph.

1 “It was a very smooth take-off?” Fu Song
told the reporter. “We are very proud to see
that it worked. Fu is a Tsinghua University
engineer. He was involved in the project.

2 C919 is the first Chinese-built passenger
jet. It was designed to compete with major
jetliners.

3 The flight took off from Shanghai's Pudong
International Airport and landed back again
80 minutes later. The successful flight was
greeted with an outpouring of patriotism
and pride.

4 The jet is the work of the Commercial
Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC).

It's a state-run company. It was founded in
2008.

5 The government celebrated the symbolic
flight as further evidence of China’s rise. It
was broadcast live on television.

Sentences in order: 2 一 = 一 =)

Read the passage and match
the underlined parts with the
meanings below. Then replace
the underlined parts with
information about a job that you
are interested in.

A working place/usual work environment
B occupation name

C advantages and disadvantages

D related major

E work requirements

F qualifications/skills needed

G working time

Being a reporter is something that interests
me. Reporters often work both indoors and

outdoors. Schools, government buildings

factories, restaurants, and even community
streets are places where they show up

to do interviews with different sorts of

people. Reporters ought to be strong in
communication, as they need to get first-hand
information and opinions. Once reporters
obtain what they need, they start to write
their articles. Therefore, the ability to write
good articles is vital for reporters as well. The
working hours may not be regular, but the

challenges that go with the job really fascinate
me.I hope that I can major in journalism at

university next year.

- 一 UNIT5 LAUNCHING YOUR CAREER ”一 -一

Listening and Speaking

1

© 2

QO 3

What kind of questions do you think a high school student would ask a career
counsellor? Write a list of at least five questions you would ask.

Listen to a conversation between a high school student and a career
counsellor. Write down the answers to the following questions.

1 What is the student’s problem?

2 Do employers prefer students with specialised majors?

3 What does the counsellor say is most important?

4 What kind of work does the counsellor advise the student to find?

Listen to the conversation again and fill in the blanks with the correct
information.

The student's name is . The
counsellor’s name is . The
student's favourite subject is

because

The counsellor advised her to

that has a lot of because that
way she can . The counsellor
also said that is not the most

important thing.

In pairs, talk about the following issues. Give your opinions and explain how
any of the issues affect you.

s Students needn’t worry about not knowing what their dream career is.

* Students needn't choose specialised majors.

sa There are many options for students who don’t go to university.

sa Money is not as important as happiness at work.

© Whether your work can benefit people is important.

Briefly report your opinions to the class.

91

x

92

—— WORKBOOK 一
@) 1 Read the title of the text. What do you think the text will talk about? What are your
opinions on the subject?

DOES PRACTICE REALLY MAKE PERFECT?

“Practice makes perfect” is a very popular expression. However, can we take this saying literally?
Many scientific studies have sought to either prove or disprove this idea. So does enough
practice literally lead to perfection, or at least to a level of expertise?

One popular theory is that if a person practises for at least 10,000 hours, they will reach
“perfection” —or, in other words, become an expert in their field. This theory was made famous
by Malcolm Gladwell in his 2008 best-selling book, Outliers: The Story of Success. He claimed
40,000 hours of practice to be “the magic number of greatness”. He gave the examples of the
music group The Beatles and Microsoft co-creator Bill Gates. Although they all seemed to have
lots of natural talent, they also clearly put in over 10,000 hours of practice before they became
successful.

However, Gladwell’s book has been said by many to be too simplistic and generalising.
Gladwell’s work was largely based on research done by Anders Ericsson, who argued that
Gladwell misinterpreted his research. Firstly, Ericsson stated that 10,000 hours was an average
figure. Some people, for example, needed far fewer than 10,000 hours, and others many more.
More importantly, Ericsson said that just practising a lot was not enough; the type and quality of
practice was also essential. He went on to explain the importance of “deliberate practice”, which
is when a person practises a specific part of a skill in depth rather than practising a skill as a
whole. Deliberate practice is said to be much more effective, albeit more tiring.

Despite the theories mentioned above, many other studies argue that practice alone is far
from enough. In fact, a more recent study from Princeton University stated that practice
only accounted for up to 26% of reaching an expert level. So what are the other factors that
contribute to people becoming experts?

: - UNIT5 LAUNCHING YOUR CAREER ws

Many people say that natural talent has a large influence on becoming an expert. Another natural
factor is physical superiority, which is especially evident in sports. For instance, many baseball
players in America have amazing vision that allows them to see the ball much sooner than others
do. So no matter how much a “normal” person practises, it is very hard for them to be as good as
someone who has natural talent or physical superiority and who also practises.

And how about other factors that go into creating an expert? Many say IQ, personality, attitude, and
Starting age are decisive factors, too. It is also important to note that becoming an expert doesn’t
equal instant success. Success also relies on social factors, environmental factors, and even just
being in the right place at the right time!

In conclusion, practice may not make perfect, but deliberate practice has been shown to lead to
significant improvement. Based on Ericsson's research, here are some tips on how to practise
effectively: be motivated; make specific and realistic goals; work outside your comfort zone; be
consistent and persistent; ask for others’ opinions; and, of course, get plenty of rest! For those
wanting to become an expert in something, remember that being motivated is key—enjoy what you
do and follow your passions.

2 Read the text and answer these questions.

1 What is the rough idea of the 10,000 hours theory? What did Gladwell claim 10,000 hours
to be? What examples did Gladwell use and why?

2 Why did Ericsson disagree with Gladwell? What did he mean by “deliberate practice”?

3 What did a recent study from Princeton University show?

4 What are Ericsson’s tips on practising?

3 What factors can go into making someone an expert? Fill in the chart below with
the ideas from the text. You may also add other factors as necessary.

perfection/expert
|

practice

4 Think about the following questions and note down your answers.

1 Do you agree with the 10,000 hours theory? Why or why not?

2 How could you use Ericsson's practice tips to help you become more suited to your
chosen career?

3 What are the factors needed to make someone an expert? List them in order of
importance.

4 What are some of the social and environmental factors that help in creating an expert?

5 What skill have you practised most? How did you practise it and what results did you see?

5 Use your notes to write an essay to express your opinion on what it takes to
become an expert.

93

- WORKBOOK 一 一 一 = ; - =

94

“Expanding Your World .

THE SUMMER BREAK THAT COULD
CHANGE YOUR LIFE

After finishing high school and before going on to further education or the world of work, there will
be a break over the summer. Using this break wisely can be very beneficial. In fact, it could even
change your life. If used correctly, the break will give you some great experiences and help you think
about what you want to do with your life. So let’s take a look at some summer break options and
some tips on getting it right.

Working The world of work can feel more stressful than school, but it
definitely has its rewards. Many people work during their break to earn
money, often for their further education. Others work to get valuable
work experience. Finding a temporary work placement in a company
will gain you some great experience, and you may even be able to
return to the company in the future. There are also some “fun” choices.
For example, working at a summer camp is a popular way to earn a
little money, gain some experience, and make friends at the same time.

Volunteering Being a volunteer usually means doing important work in
the service of others. Volunteering is often quite challenging, but it’s an
extremely rewarding experience to give something back to society. Take
teaching children in a remote village, for example. Helping the students
learn new things will give you a great sense of achievement. Try to
volunteer in a field that you are interested in, as this may help your future
career and make future employers respect you more. But be careful to
check the details of any voluntary work that is away from home or overseas. Some organisations
provide you with free food and lodgings, but others do not, which means that you may need to pay
to be a volunteer!

Studying Yes, you could go back to school! Not necessarily the same school as before, but a
place where you could take a specialised course in something you’re really interested in. It’s a great
chance to get an extra qualification for your CV. Aside from that, it will give you a better insight into
the subject area and make you more experienced than others.

Travelling Travelling will build your confidence and broaden your horizons. Backpacking is a very
popular and cheap way for young people to travel. There are plenty of helpful websites and travel
guides. Most backpackers stay in international youth hostels—safe, cheap, and friendly places to
stay, which also usually offer food, ticket bookings, and tours.

It's up to you where you travel, too. You can travel overseas or in your own country, either of which
will bring great experiences. But why is travel so important? For centuries, famous writers and

— UNITS LAUNCHING YOUR CAREER

thinkers have written about the importance of travel.

Travel leads to great stories, photos, and friends. It

also gives you a fresh perspective on where you are
from. Although it does cost money, it is a character-
building experience that gives you time to think
and develop, and you cannot put a price on great

memories.

TOP TIPS

It is very important to use the summer break effectively. The break should be seen as an extended
part of your education. You can learn about the world, adult life, and, most importantly, yourself. You
could also obtain some valuable work experience, and it could possibly lead to great changes in
your life. Good planning is key, so remember these tips:

° Be focused. An effective break should follow your interests or area of study. It will bring you
more satisfaction and help contribute to your future.

e Be organised. Before your break starts, do some research and make a plan. This in itself
develops important life skills. Take travel for example. You have to find out about the
destination, how to get there, where to stay, how much things will cost, and so on and so forth.

e Be smart. You don’t have to choose just one option. For example, perhaps you could find paid
or voluntary work that is away from home, which will also give you Lots of travel experience.

e Be money-minded. Will you spend money or save it? Will you need to borrow money?
Budgeting, or controlling how you spend money, is an essential life skill to master.

e Be safe. If you're going to be away from home, make sure you go to a reputable place. Always
let your parents know where you are. It’s best to travel with friends, too.

。 Be happy! Although planning an effective summer break can be stressful, it is essential to
ensure that you have a safe and pleasant time! Remember that it’s important to do something
that interests you, as it will enable you to gain experience and have fun at the same time.

So start thinking and planning now, and make this summer break one that could change yout life!

96

Appendices 附录
Notes 注释

Unit 1

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED (@ (iis)

《 包 你 满意 》 是 科幻 作家 艾 萨 克 . MBSE (Isaac Asimov) 的 短篇 科幻 小 说 ， 首 次 刊载 于 美国 科幻
杂志 《惊人 的 故事 》1951 年 4 月 期 。

艾 萨 克 - 阿 西 莫 夫 ( 1920 一 1992 )，20 世 纪 世 界 著 名 的 科幻 小 说 家 之 一 。 他 是 俄 裔 美国 人 ， 一 生
著述 多 达 四 五 百 种 。 使 他 声名 远扬 的 是 他 的 科幻 小 说 ， 特 别 是 《基地 》 系 列 和 《机 器 人 》 系 列 。

Tony told her she was being sensitive and was just as good as Gladys. 托 尼 对 克莱尔 说 ，
她 这 样 想 有 点 敏感 ， 其 实 她 就 像 格拉 迪 斯 一 样 好 。

“be + being + 形容 词 ”常用 来 表达 被 陈述 对 象 行为 反常 ( 暂时 的 特点 或 表现 ) 以 及 说 话 人 的 惊讶 、
不 满 、 责 备 等 情绪 。 如 :

Donald is being so quiet; | wonder what he is up to. 唐纳德 竟 这 样 安静 ， 我 不 知道 他 在 搞 什 么 鬼 。

Everyone thinks that our boss is being particularly generous. 我 们 所 有 人 都 觉得 老板 这 次 格外 慷慨 。

The guests would be arriving soon, so Claire dismissed Tony for the rest of the
night. 客人 们 很 快 就 要 到 了 ， 克 莱 尔 让 托尼 结束 了 当晚 的 工作 。

过 去 将 来 进行 时 由 “主语 + would (should) + be + doing” 构 成 ， 可 以 表示 在 过 去 某 一 时 间 之 后 即
将 进行 的 动作 ， 或 表示 在 过 去 将 来 的 某 一 时 间 正 在 发 生 的 动作 。 主 要 用 于 宾语 从 句 中 ， 尤 其 多 用 于 间接
SBF. mW:

Tom hurried to tell us that the president would be arriving at any moment. 汤姆 匆忙 走 来 告诉 大 家 ，
主席 随时 会 到 。

George asked Betty what she would be doing at ten o’clock the next day. 乔治 问 贝蒂 她 第 二 天 十 点
会 在 干什么 。

dismiss BBE “RAFT AE; WR; 解散 ”， 相 当 于 send somebody away 和 allow somebody
to leave。 如 :

After the opening ceremony, the students were dismissed. 开幕 式 后 学 生 就 解散 了 。

For some unknown reason, Miss Zeng dismissed the class five minutes earlier than usual. 不 知 什么
原因 ， 曾 老师 比 平 常 提 前 了 五 分 钟 下 课 。

dismiss 还 有 “将 …… 免职 ; 解雇 ;开除 ”的 意思 。dismiss somebody (from a position) 相当 于
remove somebody from a position。 如 ;

The lawyer hoped to meet the workers who had been unfairly dismissed. 律师 希望 会 见 被 无 理解 雇
的 工人 。

THREE LAWS OF ROBOTICS 机 器 人 三 定律

艾 萨 克 ' 阿 西 莫 夫 提出 了 “机 器 人 三 定律 。 这 三 定律 是 :
、 机 器 人 不 能 伤害 人 类 ， 或 因 不 作为 ( 袖手旁观 ) 使 人 类 受到 伤害 ;
、 机 器 人 必须 服从 人 类 的 命令 ， 除 非 这 些 命令 与 第 一 定律 相抵 触 ;
、 在 不 违背 第 一 、 第 二 定律 的 前 提 下 ， 机 器 人 必须 保护 自己 不 受伤 害 。
阿 西 黄 夫 于 1942 年 在 短篇 科幻 小 说 中 提出 了 “机 器 人 三 定律 ， 当 时 世界 上 还 没有 出 现 机 器 人 。
“机 器 人 三 定律 ”对 科幻 创作 产生 了 较 大 的 影响 ， 此 后 涌现 出 了 一 系列 以 机 器 人 为 题材 的 科幻 小 说 。

5 THE TIME MACHINE《 时 间 机 器 》

《时 间 机 器 》 是 英国 作家 赫 伯 特 . 乔治 - 威 尔 斯 ( Herbert George Wells) 创作 的 中 篇 小 说 ， 首 次 出

MRF 1895, KRHRN ARTS RAT AE, BES WETTAMAK. IMERS RRM
电影 和 电视 剧 ， 并 衍生 出 许多 漫画 作品 。《 时 间 机 器 》 也 启发 了 一 大 批 同类 题材 的 科幻 作品 。

威 尔 斯 ( 1866 一 1946 )， 英 国 作家 ， 一 生 创 作 了 许多 部 作品 。 其 中 ， 科 幻 小 说 《 莫 洛 博士 岛 》 隐
身 人 》《 星 际 战争 》 等 影响 较 大 。

Tomorrow night came, then skipped to day, again and again, faster and faster still.
第 二 天 夜晚 降临 ， 接 着 又 跃进 到 白天 。 如 此 反复 ， 越 来 越 快 。

stil 用 作 副 词 ， 可 修饰 形容 词 和 副词 的 比较 级 ， 表 示 程 度 ， 意 为 “更 ; 您" 。 如 :

After careful revision, the report was better still. 经 过 细心 修改 ， 报 告 更 好 了 。

Mark's company is hoping to expand its market share in China still further. 马克 的 公司 期 望 进一步 扩
大 在 中 国 的 市 场 份额 。

Unit 2

Located to the south of the equator, below many other countries on the globe, it’s
often informally referred to as “down under’. (澳大利亚 ) 位 于 赤道 以 南 ， 并 在 地 球 上 很 多
国家 的 下 方 ， 它 常 被 非 正 式 地 称 为 “down under’.

文中 down under 的 字面 意思 是 “底下 " ， 是 澳大利亚 的 一 个 非 正式 的 别称 。down under 还 可 以 指
新 西 兰 。 在 实际 使 用 中 ，down under 还 可 以 用 大 写 ， 即 Down Under。

The influence of Asian cultures, on the other hand, led to the introduction of bean
curd and Asian herbs, along with Australian versions of foods like the Chinese-
inspired dimsim. 另 一 方面 ， 受 亚洲 文化 的 影响 ， 除 了 灵感 源 自 中 国 的 点 心 等 澳大利亚 版 的 食物 以
外 ， 还 引入 了 豆腐 和 〈 用 于 调味 的 ) 亚洲 药草 。

在 文中 ，dim sim 特 指 灵 感 源 自 中国 的 、 澳 大 利 亚 版 的 点 心 ， 通 常 有 肉 和 蔬菜 馅 ， 类 似 于 饺子 ， 高
饪 方式 主要 是 炸 或 蒸 。 如 果 拼 写成 dim sum， 就 是 通常 意义 上 的 中 式 ( 尤 指 广 式 ) 点 心 或 茶点 。

Most of their musical instruments are really just sticks found on the ground, among
which there is an amazing instrument called the didgeridoo. 他 们 绝 大 多 数 的 乐器 其 实 就
是 地 上 找到 的 树枝 ， 其 中 就 有 一 种 令 人 惊叹 的 、 叫 作 迪 吉 里 杜 管 的 乐器 。

迪 吉 里 杜 管 ， 又 译作 “ 狄 洁 里 都 号 角 ”， 是 澳大利亚 土著 部 落 的 传统 乐器 ， 也 是 世界 上 最 古老 的 乐
器 之 一 。 它 实际 上 是 一 根 内 部 被 白蚁 星 成 空心 的 枝 干 。 演 奏 者 在 使 用 该 乐器 时 通过 嘴唇 的 颜 动 和 循环 换
气 的 技巧 ， 能 够 制造 出 独特 的 回响 效果 。 迪 吉 里 杜 管 已 经 成 为 土著 人 文化 艺术 的 瑰宝 ， 从 某 种 意义 上 来
说 ， 也 已 经 成 为 澳大利亚 文化 的 一 个 象征 。

They sleep and drink milk in that temporary, protected environment until they are
about seven or eight months old. 大 约 七 八 个 月 大 之 前 ， 它 们 一 直 待 在 那个 暂时 受 保护 的 环境 里
睡觉 和 吃 奶 。

until 用 来 表示 在 某 个 特定 的 时 间 之 前 ， 谓 语 的 动作 一 直 在 延续 。 因 此 ，until 并 不 总 是 用 于 not …

until .的 结构 中 。 如 果 谓 语 动词 是 延续 性 动词 ， 就 直接 用 until 引 导 时 间 状 语 ; 如 果 动 词 为 瞬间 动词 ， 则
not... until...

【 思考 】 试 比较 下 面 两 组 句子 ， 并 将 其 译 成 汉语 。

He waited until she had finished all her work.

[He didn’t leave until she had finished all her work.

He kept knocking on the door until his wife let him in.

[He didn’t stop knocking on the door until his wife let him in.

97
Appendices 一 一 — =< = =e : oo

98

5 The noise they make could wake the dead. 它们 发 出 的 声音 可 以 吵 醒 死 人 。

wake the dead 在 这 句 话 中 是 一 种 夸张 的 修辞 手法 ， 可 以 让 读者 对 声音 之 大 有 更 鲜明 的 印象 。 英 语
中 还 有 很 多 使 用 夸张 手法 的 表达 。 如 :

She wept oceans of tears. 她 泪 如 泉涌 。

The money was spent in the blink of an eye. 一 妈 眼 的 工夫 ， 钱 就 花 完 了 。

| have given my last ounce of strength to my work. 我 对 我 的 工作 已 竭尽 全 力 了 。

Look at the floor! Mountains of rubbish have been thrown there. 看 看 地 板 ! 扔 的 垃圾 都 堆 成 山 了 。

在 上 面 的 句子 中 ，oceans of tears. in the blink of an eye, last ounce of strength, mountains of

rubbish 都 是 夸张 的 表达 方式 ， 目 的 是 使 句子 的 表达 更 形象 ， 更 有 感染 力 。

There are only a small handful of animals in the world that can do that! 世界 上 只 有 很
少 的 动物 可 以 那样 做 !

handful 用 来 表示 “一 把 ( 的 量 ); 用 手 抓 起 的 数量 ; 少数 人 (KD). MI:

ahandful of coins 一 把 硬币 a handful of rice 一 把 米

City kids can probably see only a handful of stars. 城 里 的 孩子 可 能 只 能 看 到 很 少 的 星星 。

He published nothing except a handful of short stories. 除了 为 数 不 多 的 几 篇 短篇 小 说 ， 他 没 发 表 过
什么 东西。

There were only a handful of people present at yesterday’s meeting. 昨天 的 会 议 只 有 几 个 人 出 席 。

Unit 3

In ancient times, silk from China found its way overland to India, the Middle East,
and Rome, along what became known as the Silk Road. 在 古代 ， 中 国 丝绸 经 由 一 条 陆路 运
到 印度 、 中 东 和 罗马 ， 这 条 路 就 是 有 名 的 “丝绸 之 路 " 。

名 中 的 what 引导 宾语 从 句 ， 相 当 于 along the road which became known as the “Silk Road” ( what
等 同 于 the road which )。 如 ;
After what seemed a long time, the old man finally woke up. 许久 之 后 ， 老 人 终于 醒 过 来 了 。

Du Huan’s Record of My Travels 杜 环 的 《经 行 记 》

杜 环 ， 中 国 唐 代 旅 行家 。 天 宝 十 年 (A751), HET Mit ( 今 哈 萨克斯 坦 塔 拉 北城 附近 )
SAR ( 阿拉 伯 帝 国 ) 军 作战 时 被 分。 其 后 ， 他 游历 非洲 ， 成 为 第 一 个 到 过 非洲 并 有 著作 的 中 国人 。 公
元 762 年 ， 杜 环 乘 船 回国 ， 著 有 《经 行 记 》， 可 惜 已 失传 ， 只 有 杜 佑 的 《 通 典 》 引 用 此 书 ， 有 1,500 剑
字 保 留 至 今 。《 经 行 记 》 是 记录 八 世纪 中 叶 中 外 经 济 文化 交流 及 西亚 和 中 亚 风 土 人 情 的 珍贵 资料 。

These fleets were a sight to behold and were in a league of their own at that time.
EAMES RAM, IAG.

behold A “AR; 看 见 " 。a sight to behold 意思 是 “壮观 的 景象 " 。 类 似 的 表达 还 有 a joy/
pleasure/wonder to behold. 40:

The beauty of the mountain village is a pleasure to behold. 山村 之 美 让 人 赏心悦目 。

The Great Wall is a wonder to behold. 长 城 看 上 去 令 人 惊叹 。

be in a league of one’s own 的 意思 相当 于 be much better than the rest. #0:

As a dancer, she’s always been in a league of her own. 作为 舞 者 ， 她 始终 技 压 群芳 。

When it comes to spoken English, I’m not in her league (= she is much better than me). 说 到 英语
语 ， 我 远 不 如 她 。

[ 思考 ] league 表 示 “ 水 平 ; 等 级 ”时 ， 常 见 的 搭配 还 有 out of one's league。 你 能 猜 出 下 面 这 和 句 话
的 意思 吗 ?

This house costs too much and is way out of my league.

The ancient sea routes travelled by Zheng He are being revisited with the 21st
Century Maritime Silk Road, which is part of the Belt and Road Initiative. 随 着 作
为 “一 带 一 路 ”倡议 组 成 部 分 的 “21 世纪 海上 丝绸 之 路 ”的 提出 ， 郑 和 航行 过 的 古代 航道 而 今 再 度
受到 关注 。

revisit 在 句 中 作 “ 重 提 ” 解 ， 也 有 “再 访 ; 重 游 ”的 意思 。 如 :
This proposal is worth revisiting at a later date. 这 个 提案 值得 以 后 进一步 探讨 。
Hangzhou is a city which many people would like to revisit. 杭州 是 一 个 很 多 人 愿意 再 次 游览 的 城市 。

Unit 4

There's no electricity or running water and not even textbooks, not to mention
laptops, tablets, or other modern devices! 那儿 没有 电 ， 没 有 自来水 ， 甚至 没有 课本 ， 更 别提
笔记 本 电脑 、 平 板 电脑 或 者 别 的 现代 化 设备 !

not to mention 意 为 “更 不 必 说 ”。 如 :

There is not enough water, not to mention food. 水 都 不 够 ， 更 不 必 说 食物 了 。

He is not only intelligent, but also considerate, not to mention (that he is) very handsome. 他 既 聪 明
又 体贴 人 ， 更 不 用 说 他 还 很 英俊 。

It was such a privilege to have spent a day with Tombe’s family. 和 汤 贝 一 家 人 度 过 了 一 天 ，
真是 荣幸 。

这 里 的 to have done 是 动词 不 定式 的 完成 时 。 动 词 不 定式 的 完成 时 表示 动作 发 生 于 谓语 动词 之
前 。 如 :

He seemed to have been told the truth. 他 看 起 来 已 经 得 知 真 相 了 。( to have been told 表 示 被 告诉
真相 发 生 于 动词 seem 之 前 ， 相 当 于 It seemed that he had been told the truth. )

There is no need to have bought such a big house. 没有 必要 买 那 么 大 的 房子 。( to have bought 表
示 房 子 已 经 买 了 )

| happened to have read that book before. 我 碰巧 以 前 读 过 那 本 书 。( to have read 表 示 之 前 就 已 经
读 过 那 本 书 了 )

But then | began to hear about the work she was doing in Tanzania, a country that
has many health problems, and now | am singing a different tune. 但 是 之 后 我 开始 听 到
她 在 坦桑尼亚 的 工作 ， 那 里 有 很 多 健康 问题 ， (所 以 ) 现在 我 有 了 不 同 的 看 法 。

sing a different tune 意 为 “对 某 事 转变 论调 或 改变 看 法 " 。tune 是 曲调 的 意思 ; sing a different tune
字面 意思 是 “ 唱 了 一 个 不 同 的 曲调 ”， 用 这 个 词组 可 以 很 形象 地 表达 “对 某 事 有 了 新 的 论调 和 看 法 "。
如 :

They say they're not worried about money, but once they see how much the new equipment will
cost, they'll be singing a different tune. 他 们 说 不 担心 钱 的 问题 ， 但 等 他 们 看 到 新 设备 要 花 多 少 钱 的 时
候 ， 就 会 改变 说 法 了 。

During the campaign, he promised to close the factories that caused heavy pollution. Now that he
has been elected governor, he is singing a different tune about them. 在 竞选 的 时 候 ， 他 承诺 要 关闭 污染
严重 的 工厂 。 现 在 他 已 经 当选 为 州长 ， 就 开始 变 卦 了 。

Many dangerous diseases which are rare in China are quite commonly contracted
in Tanzania. 很 多 在 中 国 罕见 的 危险 疾病 在 坦桑尼亚 是 很 容易 感染 上 的 。

contract 在 句 中 是 “感染 ( 疾病 ”的 意思 。 如 :

He contracted the flu while he was travelling. 他 在 旅行 的 时 候 感染 了 流感 。

The virus appears to be more easily contracted by humans when they are exposed to diseased
birds. 接触 过 患 病 傅 类 的 人 好 像 更 容易 感染 上 这 种 病毒 。

99
Appendices 一 一 =

[ 思考 】 你 知道 contract 另 一 个 常用 的 意思 吗 ? RESET RM ATG?
Tony has just signed a three-year contract with a telephone company.
What are the legal consequences of breaking a contract?

5 Today, | want to relay to you that I’m proud of the work my mother has done, and |
am now supportive of it. 今天 我 想 告 诉 你 们 的 是 ， 我 为 我 妈妈 所 做 的 工作 感到 骄傲 ， 我 现在 也 非
常 支持 她 的 工作 。 |

在 句 中 relay ... to someone 表示 “向 某 人 传达 ……: ”之 意 。 如 :

Please relay the message to the others. 请 把 这 条 消息 转 给 别人 。

As soon as | am updated on what's happened, | will relay it to you all. 一 旦 得 知 最 新 情况 ， 我 就 会 转
告 你 们 所 有 人 。

【 思考 】 你 知道 relay 的 另 一 个 词性 吗 ? 在 下 面 的 句子 中 ，relay 是 什么 意思 了 呢 ?

The final event of the meeting was the 4x 400 metres relay.

§ Unit 5

1 This, however, is not always easy. Some people know what they want to do from a
young age, but many others just have a few ideas bouncing around in their heads.
然而 ， 这 并 不 总 是 那么 容易 。 有 些 人 年 轻 时 就 清楚 自己 想 做 什么 ， 但 更 多 的 人 往往 是 只 有 一 些 想法 在 脑
子 里 晃 来 晃 去 。

bouncing around in their heads 在 句 中 作 定语 ， 修 饰 名 词 ideas。

bounce 的 本 意 是 “ 弹 起 ; 反弹 ”，bounce around 可 指 “ 蹦 来 蹦 去 ; 弹 来 弹 去 ”， 在 本 句 中 引申 为
“( 想法 在 脑子 里 ) 晃 来 晃 去 ”之 意 。 如 :

Some impractical ideas kept bouncing around in my head. 一 些 不 切实 际 的 想法 在 我 的 脑子 里 晃 来
BE.

When you start the game, you will find a ball bouncing around the screen. 当 你 开始 玩 游戏 时 ， 就 会
看 到 一 个 球 在 屏幕 上 蹦 来 蹦 去 。

【 思考 ] bounce 这 个 词 在 英语 中 非常 形象 ， 你 能 看 懂 下 面 的 句子 吗 ?

She bounced the little baby up and down on her knees.

No matter how many times he failed, he was always able to bounce back pretty quickly.

Hearing the doorbell ring, the boy bounced across the room to open the door.

2 career aptitude test 职业 能 力 倾向 测验

职业 能 力 倾向 测验 是 能 力 ( 倾向 ) 测验 的 一 种 。 它 通过 系统 的 测试 过 程 和 评分 标准 ， 对 被 测试 者 的
组 织 管理 、 社 会 交往 、 个 性 特点 、 职 业 倾向 、 发 展 潜能 等 多 种 素质 进行 综合 评估 。 这 种 测验 旨 在 发 现 被
测试 者 更 感 兴趣 、 更 有 潜力 的 学 习 或 职业 方向 ， 为 其 在 将 来 学 习 和 工作 上 的 选择 提供 参考 。

3 You don’t want to look back in years to come and say, “I wish | had thought more
about what 1 really wanted to do.” 你 也 不 希望 多 年 之 后 回顾 过 去 时 才 说 :“ 我 真希 望 当年 能 再
多 想 想 自己 真正 想 要 做 什么 。”

器

in years to come 表示 “多 年 之 后 ; 在 未 来 的 几 年 中 ” 。 动 词 不 定式 to come 放 在 名 词 years 之 后 作
定语 ，years to come 是 “ 接 下 来 几 年 ”的 意思 。 如 ，

| was hopeful that in years to come, she'd consider this failure as a valuable experience that helped
her grow. 我 希望 多 年 之 后 ， 她 会 把 这 次 失败 当 作 帮 助 她 成 长 的 一 次 宝贵 经 历 。

Some experts predict that housing prices will remain stable for years to come. 一 些 专家 预测 在 未 来
的 几 年 中 房价 会 保持 平稳 。

wish 表示 愿望 ， 后 面 接 宾 语 从 句 时 ， 从 句 要 用 虚拟 语气 。 从 句 的 谓语 动词 可 用 过 去 时 表示 与 现在 寻

100
SHR; 也 可 用 过 去 完成 时 ， 表 示 与 过 去 事实 相反 ， 还 可 用 would + do 表示 对 未 来 的 希望 。 如 :
| wish | were a bit slimmer 我 希望 我 能 再 瘦 一 点 儿 。(“ 瘦 一 点 儿 ” 与 现在 事实 相反 ， 所 以 从 句 的 谓
语 动 词 用 过 去 时 。 )
| wish | hadn't eaten that much last night. 我 希望 我 昨天 晚上 没 吃 那么 多 东西 。(“ 没 吃 多 ”与 过 去 事
实 相 反 ， 所 以 从 句 动 词 用 过 去 完成 时 。)
| wish you would stay longer. 我 希望 你 会 多 待 一 会 儿 。( 表示 对 未 来 的 希望 ， 所 以 使 用 了 would +
do 的 结构 。)

| would like to apply for the position of camp helper. Please find my CV attached. 我
想 要 申请 露营 助手 这 个 职位 。 请 参看 附 在 后 面 的 简历 。

申请 信 或 求职 信 ( application letter )， 还 可 用 cover letter 或 covering letter 来 表示 ， 这 是 因为 求职
信 往 往 放 在 简历 的 第 一 部 分 ， 是 在 求职 时 要 和 简历 (CV) 一 起 交 给 用 人 单位 的 重要 文书 。 写 申请 信 的
目的 是 为 了 让 用 人 单位 了 解 自己 的 能 力 并 录用 自己 ， 所 以 申请 信 的 内 容 要 简明 扼要 ， 语 言 要 真诚 。

一 般 申 请 信 的 第 一 句 话 需要 明确 表明 自己 写 信 的 目的 ， 即 明确 自己 想 要 申请 的 岗位 。 除 了 课文 提供
的 这 种 表达 以 外 ， 还 有 以 下 常见 的 表达 。 如 :

| wish to apply for the sales position advertised in the newspaper. 我 希望 申请 ( 贵 公司 ) 刊登 在 报
纸 广告 上 的 销售 职位 。

lam ..., and | am writing this letter to apply for the position of research assistant working under you.
我 是 ……， 我 写 这 封 信 是 为 了 申请 在 您 手下 做 一 名 研究 助手 。

【 思考 】 你 能 通过 上 网 查找 资料 或 者 其 他 方式 ， 了 解 申请 信 的 主体 部 分 和 结尾 部 分 应 该 包括 哪些 主
要 内 容 吗 ?

| believe | would be a valuable addition to your team. 我 相信 ， 我 将 会 成 为 你 们 团队 中 有 价
值 的 一 员 。

addition 作 名 词 ， 除 了 “加 法 ”以 外 ， 还 可 以 表示 “增加 的 人 ( 或 物 ); 添加 物 ” 等 。 如 :

The child just learnt some simple addition and subtraction problems. 这 个 小 孩 刚 学 了 一 些 简单 的
减法 的 题 。

This is an excellent book and it will be a worthy addition to the series. 这 是 一 本 极 好 的 书 ， 对 于 整套
丛书 来 说 是 个 有 价值 的 添加 。

An experienced secretary would be a useful addition to our staff. 一 位 有 经 验 的 秘书 对 于 我 们 的 员工
队伍 是 有 用 的 新 增 力量 。

101
Appendices 一

Grammar 语法

| The Passive Voice 被 动 语 态

1 语 态 是 动词 的 一 种 形式 ， 用 来 说 明 主 语 和 谓语 动词 之 间 的 关系 。 英 语 动词 有 两 种 语 态 : 主动 语 态 和 被 动
语 态 。 主 动 语 态 表示 主语 是 动作 的 执行 者 ， 被 动 语 态 表示 主语 是 动作 的 承受 者 。

2 使 用 被 动 语 态 的 句子 ， 谓 语 动词 的 形式 是 “be + 动词 过 去 分 词 " 。 语 义 上 主语 为 动作 的 承受 者 或 对 象 ，

主要 用 于 需要 强调 动作 承受 者 、 不 必要 指出 动作 执行 者 的 情况 ， 或 出 于 语 篇 衔接 连贯 的 需要 。 一 般 来 说 ，
只 有 及 物 动词 才 有 被 动 语 态 。

3 在 “be + 动词 过 去 分 词 ”结构 中 ， 助 动词 be 有 时 态 、 人 称 和 数 的 变化 ， 变 化 规则 与 系 动词 be 相同 。

被 动 语 态 的 时 态 、 人 称 和 数 的 形式 变化 列表 ( 以 push 为 例 )

= 完 成 Wi 45 |
| am being pushed ...
lam pushed ... He/She/It has been
He/She/It is pushed pushed ... He/She/It is being pushed
现 在 a: sie
\We/You/They have been
We/You/They are pushed pushed ... We/You/They are being |
a pushed ... |
\/He/She/It was pushed \/He/She/It was being
i VYou/He/She/It/We/They Pushed ...
过 去 had been pushed
We/You/They were P ve We/You/They were being
pushed ... pushed ...

将 “来 M He/She/It/We/You/They
shall/will be pushed ...

使 用 被 动 语 态 的 过 去 进行 时 的 句子 ， 谓 语 由 “was/were + being + 动词 过 去 分 词 ”构成 ， 表 达 过 去
某 个 时 间 正 在 进行 的 含有 被 动 含义 的 动作 、 行 为 。 如 ，;

The last time | went back to my hometown, a big power station was being built there. 上 次 我 回 家
乡 时 ， 那 里 正在 修建 一 个 大 电厂 。

She was being looked after by a robot that looked so human, and it was disturbing. 她 被 一 个 看 起
来 很 像 人 的 机 器 人 照顾 着 ， 这 让 她 不 安 。

ll The Past Participle 过 去 分 词

1 动词 的 过 去 分 词 形式 上 由 “动词 原形 + ed” 构 成 。 部 分 动词 的 过 去 分 词 有 特殊 形式 变化 ( 参见 附录 不 规
则 动词 表 ) 。 过 去 分 词 不 能 单独 用 作 谓语 ， 但 可 用 于 完成 时 态 ( have/had + 动词 过 去 分 词 ) 和 被 动 语 态
( be + 动词 过 去 分 词 ) 中 构成 谓语 。
2 过 去 分 词 是 非 谓语 动词 ( 或 称 非 限定 动词 ) 的 一 种 。 过 去 分 词 保留 着 动词 的 部 分 特性 , 有 完成 或 被 动 含义 ，
可 带 状语 构成 过 去 分 词 短语 。 在 句法 功能 上 ， 过 去 分 词 ( 短语 ) 与 形容 词 或 副词 作用 类 似 ， 在 句子 中 可
充当 定语 、 状 语 、 宾 补 、 表 语 等 成 分 。
3 作 定 语 用 时 ， 过 去 分 词 一 般 位 于 所 修饰 的 名 词 之 前 ， 而 过 去 分 词 短语 通常 位 于 所 修饰 的 名 词 之 后 。 如 ，
When the delayed flight takes off depends mainly on the weather. 延误 的 航班 什么 时 候 起 飞 ， 主 要

102
— Grammar ~——

看 天 气 情况 。

Can you tell the differences between spoken language and written language? 你 能 区 分 口语 和 书面
语 的 差别 吗 ?

The players selected from the whole country are expected to bring us honour in this summer's
games. 从 全 国 选拔 出 来 的 运动 员 预 计 会 在 这 次 夏季 比赛 中 给 我 们 带 来 荣誉 。
作 状 语 用 时 ， 过 去 分 词 修饰 谓语 ， 说 明 动 作 发 生 的 时 间 、 原 因 、 条 件 、 方 式 等 。 分 词 作 状语 ， 用 于 句 诈
比 在 其 他 位 置 更 为 常见 。 如 :

United we stand, divided we fal. 团结 带 来 力量 ， 分 裂 导 致 衰败 。

Seen from the top of the Tiger Hill, the city of Suzhou was very beautiful. Mi F(R, ain
非常 美 。

Encouraged by her English teacher, Lisa soon caught up with her classmates. 在 英语 老师 的 鼓励
下 ， 莉 萨 很 快 就 赶 上 了 其 他 同学 。

Greatly shocked, Jeff couldn't speak a word. 由 于 受到 惊吓 ， 杰 夫 一 句 话 也 说 不 出 来 。
作 宾 补 用 时 ， 过 去 分 词 常用 于 使 役 动词 have, get, make, keep 和 感官 动词 see, watch, hear 等 动词 的 宾
语 后 面 ， 表 达 谓 语 动词 引起 的 宾语 的 变化 ， 或 补充 说 明 宾 语 的 性 状 。 如 :

When speaking or writing to someone, do your best to make yourself understood. 说 话 或 写 文章 时 ，
应 该 尽 最 大 努力 让 别人 明白 自己 的 意思 。

Owen got his nose hurt when he played football with his teammates. 跟 队 友 踢 球 时 ， 欧文 被 弄 伤 了
鼻子 。

| heard the door pulled open. 我 听见 门 被 拉 开 了 。
作 表 语 用 时 ， 过 去 分 词 在 be, become, get, feel, look, seem 等 系 动词 之 后 ， 表 示 主 语 的 特征 或 性 状 。 如 :

She is married. 她 已 结婚 了 。

The other children looked neglected. 其 他 孩子 看 起 来 被 忽视 了 。

The quarrel the night before seemed forgotten. 前 一 天 晚上 的 争吵 似乎 被 忘掉 了 。

lll The Infinitive 不 定式

1

动词 不 定式 的 形式 与 功能
不 定式 是 英语 动词 的 非 谓 语 形式 之 一 ， 形 式 上 由 “to + 动词 原形 ”构成 。 不 定式 仍 保留 着 动词 的 部
分 特性 ， 可 以 带 宾语 和 状语 构成 不 定式 短语 ， 有 时 态 和 语 态 的 变化 。 句 法 功能 上 ， 动 词 不 定式 ( 短语 )
与 名 词 、 形 容 词 或 副词 作用 类 似 ， 在 句子 中 可 以 充当 主语 、 表 语 、 宾 语 、 定 语 、 状 语 、 宾 补 等 成 分 。
(1) 作 主 语 ;
To see is to believe. 百 闻 不 如 一 见 。
It’s very important to master a foreign language. 掌握 一 门 外 语 是 很 重要 的 。 ( it 作 形 式 主语 )
(2) 作 表 语 :
The most important thing for a doctor is to heal the wounded and save the dying. 医生 最 重要 的 职
责 是 救死扶伤 。
The aim of this initiative is to encourage cooperation and trade across the historic Silk Road
areas. 这 一 倡议 骨 在 促进 具有 历史 意义 的 丝绸 之 路 周边 地 区 的 合作 与 贸易 。
(3) 作 宾 语 :
Would you like to watch a football game with me? 你 愿意 跟 我 去 看 足球 赛 吗 ?
He finds it very difficult to stand on one foot for a long time. 他 发 现 长 时 间 单 足 站 立 很 困难 。 (it fF
形式 宾语 )
(4) 作 定语 ( 通常 位 于 所 修饰 的 词 之 后 :
He is always the last one to leave the office. 他 总 是 最 后 一 个 离开 办 公 室 。
We are very busy and we all have a lot of work to do on weekends. 我 们 都 很 忙 ， 周 末 也 有 很 多 工作
要 做 。
There is an urgent need to study the Arctic in order to understand climate change and its effects, 为

了 解 气候 变化 及 其 影响 ， 北 极 研究 迫在眉睫 。

103

Appendices

104

(5) fEAKIE:
Many people rush to the new city to look for job opportunities. 很 多 人 涌 入 这 个 新 城市 来 寻找 就 业 机
a
Bo
A few years later he came home to find that his hometown had greatly changed. 几 年 后 他 回 到 家
乡 发 现 那里 发 生 了 很 大 变化 。

(6) 作 宾 补 :
She often helps her mother (to) do some housework on weekends. 周末 她 经 常 帮 妈妈 做 家 务 。
Miss Li advised us to read some English novels during the summer holiday. 李 老 师 建 议 我 们 暑假
读 些 英语 小 说 。
Marco Polo’s tales inspired European explorers to search for sea routes from west to east. By -

罗 的 故事 启发 了 欧洲 探险 家 寻找 由 西方 通 入 东方 的 海上 航线 。

说 明 :
某 些 动词 后 用 不 带 to 的 不 定式 构成 复合 宾语 ， 但 当 整 个 句子 变 为 被 动 结构 时 ， 不 定式 要 加 to。 如 ，
[ The boss made the workers work long hours.
The workers were made to work long hours.
[ | saw you climb through the window.
You were seen to climb through the window.

2 动词 不 定式 的 时 态 和 语 态

(1) 不 定式 常见 时 态 有 三 种 : 一 般 时 (to do) 、 进 行 时 (to be doing) 、 完 成 时 (to have done) 。 在 不
同 的 句子 中 ， 我 们 需要 根据 不 定式 动作 时 间 与 句子 谓语 时 间 的 关系 来 选择 不 同时 态 。 如 ，
When we arrived at the riverside, they seemed to be cooking something on the fire. 当 我 们 到 达 河
边 时 ， 他 们 好 像 在 用 火 烤 东西 吃 。
1am sorry to have kept you waiting. 抱 坎 让 你 久 等 了 。
She seems to have read the book before. 她 好 像 以 前 读 过 这 本 书 。
The Dutch may have been the first Europeans to have explored Australia. 荷兰 人 可 能 是 最 早 到 澳 大
利 亚 探险 的 欧洲 人 。

(2) 当 句 子 中 的 不 定式 与 其 所 关联 的 名 词 在 语义 上 有 被 动 关系 时 ， 不 定式 用 被 动 语 态 。 如 ，
It was impossible for lost time to be made up.
Can you tell me which car is to be repaired?
! wish to be sent to work in the western region.
There were so many passengers who needed to be transferred.
It's a great honour for me to be invited to Mary’s birthday party.

IV Phrases 短语

1 英语 中 的 短语 是 有 一 定 意义 但 不 构成 独立 从 名 或 句子 的 一 组 词 。 从 形式 结构 角度 划分 ， 英 语 的 短语 可 分

为 名 词 短 语 、 动 词 短语 、 形 容 词 短 语 、 副 词 短语 、 介 词 短语 等 。 英语 短语 的 句法 功能 通常 与 对 应 的 单词
的 句法 功能 类 似 ， 比 如 ， 名 词 短语 与 名 词 功能 相似 ， 在 句子 中 主要 充当 主语 、 宾 语 ; 介词 短语 主要 是 充
当 定语 、 状 语 、 补 语 。 例 如 ，Most of the boys in my class like playing football. 在 这 个 句子 中 ，most of
the boys 是 名 词 短语 ，in my class 是 介词 短语 ，like playing football 是 动词 短语 。

短语 动词 ( phrasal verbs ) 是 一 种 固定 的 词组 ， 一 般 由 动词 加 介词 或 副词 构成 。 常用 的 短语 动词 有 以 下
NK.

动词 + 副词 。 如 : look out, take off, stay up

动词 + 介词 。 如 : look into, attend to, appeal to

动词 + 副词 + 介词 。 如 : get along with, catch up with, do away with

动词 + 名 词 + 介词 。 如 : take part in, take care of, pay attention to

V Long Sentences 长 名

1 英语 的 长 句子 之 所 以 长 ， 是 因为 含有 较 多 较 长 的 修饰 成 分 ， 或 是 包含 多 个 并 列 句 或 从 句 。 长 句子 的 理解
与 一 般 句 子 相 似 ， 主 要 包括 句法 结构 、 语 义 逻辑 和 语 篇 功能 三 方面 。 理 解 长 句 的 基础 是 厘清 句子 的 结构
层次 ， 这 需要 学 习 者 熟悉 了 解 英语 的 基本 句 型 ， 在 此 基础 上 抓 住 长 句子 的 主干 ， 即 句子 的 主语 和 谓语 ，
然后 再 逐 层 梳理 分 析 长 句 中 其 他 成 分 的 层次 关系 。 如 :

Some people know what they want to do from a young age, but many others just have a few ideas
bouncing around in their heads. 有 的 人 年 轻 时 就 清楚 自己 想 做 什么 ， 但 更 多 的 人 往往 是 只 有 一 些 想法 在
FERRE.

这 是 由 转折 连词 but 连接 的 并 列 复合 句 ， 表 达 前 后 两 种 情况 的 对 比 。 前 半 部 分 是 “ 主 谓 宾 状 ”结构 ，
其 中 含有 what 引导 的 宾语 从 句 ; 后 半 部 分 也 是 “ 主 谓 宾 ” 结 构 ， 其 中 的 bouncing around in their heads
作 定 语 修饰 ideas。

If you want to hold a koala, you have to go to certain licensed zoos where animal experts make
sure that the koalas selected for each session are in a good state for human contact and that they are
handled for only a limited time and on a limited frequency of occasions. 如 果 想 抱 抱 考 拉 ， 你 得 去 那些 有
执照 的 动物 园 。 那 里 的 动物 专家 会 确保 挑选 出 来 的 考 拉 状态 良好 、 适 合 与 人 接触 ， 游 客 爱 抚 考 拉 的 时 长
和 频率 也 有 限制 。

该 句 的 主干 是 一 个 主 谓 状 结构 ( you have to go to zoos ) ，if 引导 的 是 条 件 状 语 从 句 ，where 后 面 直
到 句 尾 是 个 很 长 的 定语 从 名 ,修饰 zoos。 这 个 定语 之 所 以 长 ,是 因为 其 中 含有 两 个 由 that 引导 的 宾语 从 句 。

But by any criteria this work is worth it to us as well, because it shows that we are global citizens
interested in world stability, and that we feel responsible for others and are ready to build a community
with a shared future for mankind. 但 以 任何 标准 来 看 ， 这 项 工作 对 我 们 都 是 值得 的 ; 因为 它 表明 ， 我 们
是 关注 世界 稳定 的 全 球 公民 ， 我 们 对 他 人 负 有 责任 ， 我 们 为 建立 人 类 命运 共同 体 做 好 了 准备 。

这 个 长 句 , HEM because DF, 前 面 的 主 句 为 “ 主 系 表 ” 结构 , because 后 面 直 到 句 尾 是 一 个 “ 主
谓 宾 ”结构 的 原因 状语 从 句 ， 用 来 说 明 “这 项 工作 很 有 意义 ”的 理由 。 第 二 层 ， 原 因 状语 从 句 内 部 包含
两 个 由 that 引导 的 宾语 从 句 , 作 show 的 宾语 。 第 三 层 , 两 个 that 引导 的 宾语 从 句 是 并 列 关系 , 也 都 是 “ 主
系 表 ”结构 。
有 些 长 句 在 语 篇 中 与 上 下 文 存在 较为 紧密 的 衔接 连贯 关系 ， 尤 其 是 句 中 有 指 代词 的 时 候 ， 除 了 需要 厘清
句子 的 结构 层次 和 语义 逻辑 之 外 ， 有 时 还 需要 结合 句子 所 在 的 上 下 文 ， 分 析 明 确 长 句 中 指 代词 的 具体 所
指 。 如 ;

Koalas spend quite a lot of time eating, sleeping, and hanging onto tree trunks, so interaction with
humans can cause them a lot of stress. Because of this, the government began to make laws against
touching koalas, in the interest of animal protection, as well as public safety. So, if you see one in the wild,
you shouldn’t approach it to pick it up or even touch it. 考 拉 的 大 量 时 间 都 用 于 吃 、 睡 和 抱 着 树干 ， 与 人
类 的 互动 会 给 它们 带 来 很 大 的 压力 。 因 此 ， 政 府 已 开始 制定 法 律 来 限制 人 触摸 考 拉 ， 这 既是 为 了 保护 动
物 也 是 为 了 公众 安全 。 所 以 ， 如 果 你 在 野外 看 到 考 拉 ， 不 要 为 了 抱 它 而 接近 它 ， 甚 至 不 要 去 触摸 它 。

这 段 文字 由 三 个 句子 组 成 ， 第 一 句 是 个 并 列 句 ， 由 so 连接 ， 它 与 第 二 句 话 在 语义 上 密切 关联 。 准
确 理解 文中 指 代词 的 所 指 ， 有 助 于 理解 句 意 。 第 一 句 话 中 的 them 指 代 koalas; 第 二 句 话 中 的 this 回 指
第 一 句 话 所 描述 的 情况 ; 第 三 句 话 分 别 用 one 和 t 指 代 koala， 与 前 两 句 话 相 衔接 。 整 段 文 字 简洁 、 语

is)

Grammar

105

Appendices ~ : -

Words and Expressions in Each Unit
各 单元 生词 和 习惯 用 语

注 : 黑体 部 分 为 课 标 词 和 短语 ; 白

目 Unit 1

fiction /fkfny/ ma. 小 说 ;虚构 的 事

science fiction (informal sci-fi) (abbr. SF)

科幻 小 说 ( 或 影片 等 )
test out 检验 ; 测试
bonus /baunas/ n. 意外 收获 ;奖金 ; 红利
more like 2&2; 更 接近
ridiculous /rdrkjalas/ adj. BN; 荒 廖 的 ; 荒唐 的
integrity /in'tegroti/n. 诚实 正直 ; 完整 ; 完好
dignity /‘dignoti/n. EB; 庄严 ， 尊 严
salary /'selori/n. 薪水 ; 薪金
absurd /sb'ss:d/ adj. 荒 廖 的 ;荒唐 的
appointment /s'pointmont/ n. 预约 ;约会
nail nerl/ 7. 指甲 趾甲 钉子
vt. ( 用 钉子 ) 钉 牢 ; 固定

saleswoman /serlzwuman/7. KERR; 女 推销 员
guilty /galti/ adj. WAH; AHN; Ate
suspend /so'spend/ wt. 8; 挂 ; 暂停 ;暂缓
ladder /lada(r)/ n. BF; 阶梯
dismiss /dis'mis/ vt. 让 (2A) 离开 ;解散 ;

解雇 ; 消除
declare /di'klea(r)/ vt. 表明 ; 宣称 ; 公布
whereas /,weor'ez/ conj. 然而 ; 但 是 ; 尽管
rumour /ruma(r)/ 1. 谣言 ; 传闻
presume /pri'zju:m; NAmE -'zu:m/

vt. & vi. IR; 假定
fare /fea(r)/n. £3; 船 费 ， 飞 机票 价
weekly /‘wi:kli/ adj. 每 周 的

n. 周刊

ona... basis 根据 ;以 …… 的 方式 ( 基准 )
calculate /kalkjulert vt 计算 ;核算 ; 预测
chairwoman /tfeawuman/

nth; 女 董 事 长 ; 女 委员 长
gramme (NAmE gram) /grem/n. % (重量 单位 )
flour /'flaua(r)/n. 面粉 ; ( 谷物 磨 成 的 ) 粉
venue /venjuy 半 .活动 场地 ( 如 音乐 厅 、 会 场 等 )

; 委任

106

部 分 为 非 课 标 词 ; 专 有 名 词 在 每 单元 词 表 后 面 单独 列 出 。
salesman /‘setlzmon/n. 售货员 ; 推销 员
alien /‘erlion/ 7m. 外 星人 ( 生物 ) ;外 国人

adj. 陌生 的 ; 外 星 的 ; 外 国 的
pros and cons 事物 的 利 与 浆 ; 支持 与 反对
blurred /bls:d/ adj. 模糊 不 清 的 ; 难以 区 分 的
superior /su:'proria(r); sju:-/

adj. SHH; 占 优势 的 ; ( 在 级 别 或 重要 性 上 ) 更 高 的
superior to 比 …… 更 好 ; 更 胜 一 筹
take over SEM; 取而代之 ; 接管; 接手
inaction /in'ekfn/ n. 无 行动 ; 不 采取 措施
conflict with 与 …… 冲 突 或 抵触
labour /‘letba(r)/ n. ah ( 者 ) ; 体力 劳动
vi. 奋斗 ; 努力 工作
leather /‘ledo(r)/n. KR; [pl] RR; RIE
lever /'li:va(r); NAmE 'levor/ n. 操纵 杆 ; 杠杆
panel /‘penl/n. 控制 板 ; 仪表 盘 ; 专家 咨询 组
inch /intf/n. RS ( 长 度 单 位 ， 等 于 2.54 厘米 )
backwards /'bekwadz/ [NAmE backward]
adv. 向 后 ; 倒 着 ; FE
grip /grip/ vt. & vi. Riz; 抓紧
hazy /herzi/ adj. AHS; PRAEES; 困惑 的
niece /ni:s/n. x; IMB
fetch /fet{/ vr. ( 去 ) BR; ( 去 ) 请 来
handkerchief /‘henkotfrf/ n. #08; 4&1
lamp /lemp/ 7. 7; 合 灯
turn out 关 掉 ; 熄灭 ; 在 场 ; 使 朝 外 ; 结果
pace /peis/n. RE; 步伐; 节奏
vt. & vi. 确定 速度 ; 调整 节奏
fall away ( 逐渐 ) 减少 ;消失
division /drvIsn/ n. DF; 分 隔 ; SR; 除 (法 )
puff /pAf m，( 烟 、 气 等 的 ) 一 缕 ; 少量 ; 喘息
urge /s:d3/ n. 强烈 的 欲望 ;冲动
vt. 催促 ; TW; 大 力 推荐
have an urge to 有 强烈 的 欲望 做 某 事
random /rendom/ adj. 随机 的 ; 不 可 思议 的
maximum /‘meksimom/ adj. 最 大 极限 的
nRAB; 最 大 限度

ee

explode /1k'sploud/ vi. & vt. 爆炸 ; 爆破
jolt /dgoult/n. 震动 ; BR; GR
vt. & vi. ( (8) 震动 ; 摇晃
flip /flup/ ve. & vi. (2) RRB; ( 用 手指 ) Bd
stun /stan/ vt. 使 震惊 fe Buk
mud /mad/ n. €; 泥浆
overstatement /‘suvastertmont/n. $A; Sak

Isaac Asimov /arzsk 'ezimof/ 艾 萨 克 ' 阿 西 莫 夫
Larry Belmont /‘leri 'belmont/ 拉 里 ' 贝尔 蒙特
Claire 人 kkles(r)/ 克莱尔
Gladys Claffern /‘gledis 'klefon/
格拉 迪 丝 ， 克拉 芬
Braille (also braille) /bredl/
PHBE (ORFS )
The Three-Body Problem (=**)
Hugo /‘hju:gou/ Award M83

§ Unit 2

iconic /ai'konik/ adj. 符号 的 ; 图 标的
foundation /faun'derfn/ n. 创建 ; 基础 ; 地 基
political /po'litrkl/ adj. 政治 的
didgeridoo /,didgori'du:/ n. 迪 吉 里 杜 管
located /lou'kertid/ adj. 位 于
equator /r'kweito(r)/ n. 赤道
koala /kou'a:lo/ n. BH; 树 袋 能
barbecue /'ba:bikju:/ n. (abbr. BBQ)
户外 烧烤 ; 烤 架
bakery /‘betkori/n. HS ( 糕饼 ) 店 ; 面包 厂
joint /dzomt/
n. 公共 场所 ( 尤 指 价格 低廉 的 饮食 和 娱乐 场所 ) ; 关节
adj. 联合 的 ; 共同 的
butcher /butfe(r)/ 7. 肉 贩 ; BA; 剑 子 手
premier /‘premia(r); NAmE pri'mir/
adj. 最 著名 的 ; 第 一 的 ; 首要 的
n. 总 理 ; 首相
herb /has:b/ 7m. 药草 ; BS; 草本
dim sim /,dim 'srmy/ ( 特 指 澳大利亚 的 ) 点 心
hollow /hplau/ adj. 中 空 的 ; 空心 的
vibrate /var'brert/ vt. & vi. ( 使 ) 振动
horn /ho:n/ n. ( 乐器 ) 号
pitch /pitf/n. 音 高
straightforward /strert fo:wad/ adj. 坦率 的 ; 简单 的
slogan /slaugan/ 7. 标语 ; 口号
minister /‘miisto(r)/n. 部长; AB; 外 交 使 节
prime minister 首相 ; 总理

Words and Expressions in Each Unit

frog /frog/n. 蛙 ; 青蛙
arrow /arou/ 7. 箭 ; 箭头
entitle /m'tartl/ vt. 给 …… 命 名 ( 或 题名 ) ; 使 享有 权利
getaway /'getower/ n. 适合 度假 的 地 方
dive /darv/ vi. & n. ( dived/dove, dived )
洪水; 跳水 ; 俯冲
kayaking /‘karekin/ n. 划 皮 艇
peak season 高 峰 季节
freedom /fri:dam/n. 自由 ; 不 受 …… 影 响 的 状态
domain /do'mein; dou'mein/ n. 领域 ; 领土 ; 范围
Sponsor /sppnse(T); NAmE 'spa:nsor/
vt. 倡议 ;赞助 ; 主办
n. ( 法 案 等 的 ) 倡议 者 ; 赞助 者
liberty /lrbati n. 自由
golf /golf/ n. 高 尔 夫 球 运动
strait /strert/ 7. 海 峡
sample /'sa:mpl/n. 样本; 样品
monument /mpnjumasnt/
n. 纪念 碑 ( 或 馆 、 堂 、 像 等 ) ; 历史 遗迹
kiwi /kirwiy n. 几 维 ( 新 西 兰 鸟 )
geyser /gi'ze(r); 'garzor/ n. 间歇 泉
sulphuric /sal,fjuertk/ pool 硫黄 池
manuka /ma'nu:ko/ honey ZA FHS
bungee /band3i/ jumping 蹦极 跳
a flock /flok/ of 一 群 ( #8 )
geothermal /dsieu'9sml park 地 热 公 园
distribution /drstrrbju:fn/ 分 布 ; 分 配 ; 分 发
pouch /pautf/n. BILE; NRF; 荷包
temporary /tempreri/ adj. 暂时 的 ; 短暂 的
phase /ferz/n. BE; 时 期
trunk /trank/ n. 树干
licensed /larsnst/ adj. 得 到 正式 许可 的
license /arsns/ vt. 批准 ; 许可
n. ( = licence ) 许可 证 ; 执照
session /sefn/7. 一 场 ; 一 段 时 间 ; 会 议
frequency /‘fri:kwonsi/n. 发 生 率 ; BRE;
( 声波 或 电磁 波 振动 的 ) 频率
violent /varelont/ adj. 暴力 的 ; 猛烈 的
violence /'varslons/n. 暴力 ; 暴行
nest /nest/n. RN; SB; BRSR
mammal /‘meml/ n. 哺乳 动物
biology /bar'pled3i/n. 生理 ; 生物 学
hatch /haty vi. FRM; BR
vt. ERE; 策划; ( 尤 指 ) 密谋
capacity /ko'pesoti/n. #2; 容量
a handful of 少数 人 (或 物 ) ; 一 把 ( 的 量 )

107
Appendices 一

108

fence /fens/n. 栅栏 ; 围栏
prison /prrzn/ 7 监狱; 监禁
grand /grand/ adj. 大 ; 宏大 的

Aborigine /aebs'rrdsoni/ 澳大利亚 土著
Sydney /'sidni/ 悉尼 ( 澳大利亚 城市
Bondi /bpndar Beach 孝 迪 海滩
Chiang Mai /tfiian mar/ 清 迈 ( 泰国 城市 )
the Bay of Islands 岛屿 湾
the haka /‘ha:ka/ 哈 卡 舞 ( 传统 毛利 伴 歌 战 舞 )
Edmonds /‘edmondz/ 埃 德 蒙 效
Felicity /fs'lrsati/ RAH
Tasmanian /tez'meinian/ devil

塔 斯 马 尼 亚 恶魔 ; Re
Tasmania /taezmemis/ 塔 斯 马 尼 亚 ( 澳大利亚 州 名 )
duck-billed platypus /plaetrpss/ SS

由 Unit 3

tale /terl/n. kB; 叙述
merchant /'ma:tfont/n. HA; 批发 商
adj. 海上 货运 的
set sail 起 航 ; 开航
extend /ik'stend/ vt. 扩展 ; 使 伸 长 ; 延长
negotiate /ni'goufiert/ vt. HE; 达成 (协议 )
vi. 谈判 ; 磋商 ; 协商
fleet /fli:t/n. ALBA; 机群; 车队
behold /bi'hould/ vt. (beheld, beheld) 4; 看 见
league /lig/n. FR; KF; KAS: 联赛
in a league of one’s own 228 X
royal /‘roral/ adj. 皇家 的 ; 王室 的 ; 高 贵 的
spice /spars/n. ( 调味 ) 香料
withdraw /wIa'droy vi. & vt. ( withdrew, withdrawn )
(使 ) 撤回 ;撤离
withdraw from 退出 ; 撤回
channel /tfanl/ n. 航道 ; 海峡 ; 频道
maritime /maerrtarmy adj. 海 的 ; 海运 的 ; }
bond /bpnd/ mm. 纽带 ; 关系
vt. & vi. 增强 信任 关系 ; 使 牢固 结合
in hand 在 手头 ， 可 供 使 用
politics /‘polotiks /n. BGA;
profession /pro'fefn/n. FRA; 行业
tournament /‘tuonomont/ n. 锦标 赛 ; 联赛
mixture /mikstfa(r)/ .混合 ; 结合 体 ; BAD
laptop /‘leptop/n. 笔记 本 电脑 ; 便携 式 电脑

治 观点

coverage /‘kavorid3/n. 新 闻 报道 ;覆盖 范围
press conference 记者 招待 会 新闻 发 布 会
applaud /aplo:d/ vr. & vi. RA

vt. RE; BR
tax /taeks/ vt. 对 …… 征 税 ; 使 纳税
n. Bi; BR

manned /mend/ adj. 有 人 控制 的 ， 需 人 操纵 的
submersible /sob'ma:sobl/ n. 潜水 器 ;可 潜 船
underwater /,ando'wo:ta(r)/ adv. 在 水 下
adj. KE
capsule /‘kepsju:l/n. BE; 太空 舱
coral /koprel/ n. 珊瑚
migration /margrerfn/ n. £8; et; BE
directory /do'rektori/n. 2%; BiaSBS;
( 计算 机 文件 或 程序 的 ) 目录
meanwhile /‘mi:nwail/
adv. 与 此 同时 ; ( 比较 两 方面 ) 对 比 之 下
exploit /tk'splort/ vt. 开发 ; 利用 ; 剥削
gallon /'gzlon/
n. 加仑 ( 容积 单位 ，1 英制 加 仑 约 等 于 4.5 升 )
murder /'ms:da(r)/ vt. HRA; KAR; 毁坏
1. 谋杀 ; 凶杀
mercy /'msisi/n. (7%; B®; 恩惠
possession /po'zefn/ n. [usually pl.] 个 人 财产 ;
拥有 ; 控制
opponent /apeunsnt/ 7 反对 者 ; 对 手 ; 竞争 者
log /lpg; NAmE loxg/ vt. 把 …… 载 入 正式 记录 ; 记录
n 正式 记录 ; 上 日志; 原木
marine /mo'ri:n/ adj. 海 的 ; 海产 的 ; 海 生 的
arrest /o'rest/n. 逮捕 ; 拘留 ; Pub
vt. 逮捕 ; 拘留 ; 阻止

Marco Polo /‘ma:ksu 'psulou/ 马 可 ' 波 罗

Columbus /ka'lambas/ 哥伦布

Ceylon /srlpn/ 锡 兰 ( 斯 里 兰 卡 的 旧称 )

Churchill /'tfa:tfil/ 丘吉尔

Ferdinand Magellan /'fs:dmznd mo'gelon/
费迪南德 RAC

Zac Sunderland /zek 'sandolond/ 扎 克 ' 桑 德 兰

Robin Lee Graham /rpbrm li: 'gretom/
SH-=- 格雷 厄 姆

§ Unit 4

parcel /‘pa:sl/ n.
vt. at; 打包

jam /dgem/n. RB;

mail /merl/ 7. 邮件 ; 信件

; 邮政

ve, 邮寄 ; 发 电邮 给
secondary /'sekondri/ adj. 中 学 的 ; 次 要 的

clay /kler 7. $4; Bal
dust /dast/n. 沙土 ; 灰尘
vi. & vt. BR

dusty /‘dasti/ adj. 布 满 灰 尘 的
weed /wi:d/n. #8; 野草
vt. & vi. RAB

chorus /'ko:ras/ n. A488

; 合唱 团

vt. 合唱 ;

a chorus of 齐 声 ; 异

齐 声 说
口 同 声

cotton /kptn/ n. 棉布 ; 棉花
uniform /jumrfoxmy/ n. BAR; 制服

adj. 一 致 的 ; 统一 的
not to mention 更 不 用 说 ; 且 不 说
tablet /'teblot/n. 平板 电脑 ; BEA; 药片
rubber /'rabo(r)/ n. 橡皮 ; 黑板 擦 ; 橡胶
washroom /wpfrumy n. #Fial; 厕所
rigid /rrdsrd/ adj. 死板 的 ; 固执 的
bubble /bAbl/ vi. &58; 沸腾
tube /tju:b/n. 管子 ; 管状 物
circus /ss:kes/ n. SRA
chemist /‘kemist/n. 化 学 家 ; 药剂 师 ; AK
shade /ferd/

vt Bh EPS ( 光线 ) ; MKT; 把 …… 涂 暗
n. 阴凉 处 ; KTR; 阴影 部 分
jaw /d3o:/ n. i; FE
wrinkle /rmkVy vi. & vi. ( (2A E ) BRA; SHE
n. 皱纹
forehead /fohed; 'forid/n. 2; 前 额
hut /hat/ n. 简陋 的 小 房子 ( 或 棚 、 舍 )
housing /‘hauzin/ n. 住房 ; 住宅
platform /pletfo:m/n. #8; 站 合 ; 舞台
fireplace /fareplers/7. 壁炉
saucer /'so:sa(r)/ n. 茶 碟 ; 杯 托
kettle /ketl/ n. ( 烧 水 用 的 ) 壶 ; 水 壶
pan /pen/ n. Fi; 烤 盘
jar /dga:(r)/ n. HF; 坛子
ripe /rarp/ adj. 成 熟 的 ;时 机 成 熟 的
grill /gril/n. 烤 架 ; 烤肉 餐馆
doorway /‘do:wer/n. 110; HAD; 门道
leftover /‘leftauva(r)/ adj. 吃 剩 的 ; 残留 的
7. 吃 剩 的 食物 ;遗留 物

handshake /handfetky/ n. 握手

drag /drag/ vt. Ha; 搜
vt. & vi. 缓慢 而 费力 地 移动
privilege /'privalid3/ 1. 优惠 待遇 ; 特权
plug /plAg/ vt. 封 堵 ; 补足
n. 堵塞 物 ; 插头 ; 插座
disabled /drs'erbld/ adj. 有 残疾 的 ; 丧失 能 力 的
resign /ri'zain/ vi. & vt. 辞职 ; 辞去
deserve /di'zs:v/ vt. 值得 ; 应 得 ; MS
lately /lertli/ adv. RIE; RAB; 近来
input /‘npot/n. 情况 ; 信息 ; 投入 ; 输入
vt. 输入
tune /tju:n; NAmE tu:n/n. 曲调 ; 曲子
vt. 调 音 ; 调节 ;， 调 频道
contract /kon'trekt/ vt. 感染 ( 疾病 ) ; 与 …… 订 立 合
司 ( 或 契约 )
/kontrekt/n. 合同 ; RA
grant /gramnt; NAmE grent/ vt. 同意 ; 准许
n. BERK
take for granted 认为 …… 是 理所当然 ;
Rh PL
cardiac /'ka:diak/ adj. 心脏 病 的 ; 心脏 的
circuit /'ss:kit/n. 巡回 ; 环形 线路
disability /,diso'brloti/ n. 缺陷， 障碍
consultation /konsl'terfn /n. 咨询 ; 咨询 会
relay /'ri:ler; rrler vt. 转发 ;转播
n. 接力 赛 ; 接班 的 人
relay to 转达 给 ……; 转发 给 ……
criterion /krar'tiarion/n. ( pl. criteria /-ria/ )
标准 ; BD; RM
stability /sta'biloti/n. 稳定 (性 ) ; 稳
pray /prer vi. & vt. 83; 祈祷
pray that 但 原
hypothetical /harps'9etrkl adj. 假设 的 ; 假定 的

(性 )

af

Papua New Guinea /,pepuo nju: gmi/
巴布亚 新 几内亚 ( 国家 名 )

Ghana /‘ga:no/ 加 纳 ( 国家 名 )

Congo /‘kongou/ 刚果 ( 国家 名 )
Panama /'penoma:/ 巴拿马 ( 国家 名 )

§ Unit 5

bounce /bauns/ vi. & vt. (使 ) 弹 起 ;上 下 晃动
n. 弹性 ; 弹跳 ; 活力
bounce around 蹦 来 蹦 去 BORA
aptitude /‘eptitju:d/ n. AH; Alt

Words and Expressions in Each Unit

109

7

Appendices 一

110

head start 起 步 前 的 优势
scenario /so'na:riau/ n. 设想 ; AR; 预测
lawyer /'lo:ja(r)/ n. 律师
assemble /a'sembl/ vr. 组 装 ; 装配
vi. & vt. CE; BR; 集合
drawer /dro:(r)/ n. #HE
a chest of drawers 抽 尼 柜
breast /brest/ 刀 乳房 ; 胸部
hydrogen /‘haidradgon/n.&; 氢气
radium /rerdismy/ n. 镭
wrist /rist/n. Fie; 腕 关节
bridegroom /brardgru:m/ n. #88
geometry /d3i'pmatri/ n. 几何 学 ; 几何 图 形
debt /det/n. 债务 ; RK
categorise /‘ketogoraiz/
vt. 把 …… 分 类 ( 加 以 归 类 )
profile /prsufarl/ n. 简介 ; 概述 ;侧面 轮廓
vt. 扼要 介绍 ; WR; 写 简介
participant /pa:'trsipont/n. 参与 者 ;参加 者
code /koud/ n. 代码 ; 密码
vt. 编码 ;把 …… 译 成 密码
orient /oirient/ vt. 使 适应 ; FAW; 确定 方向
detective /drtektrv/ 7. 侦探 BAR
graphic /'grefik/n. 图 表 ; 图 形 ; 图 画
adj. 绘画 的 ; 图 案 的
estate /i'stert/n. FH; 住宅 区 ; 工业
( real ) estate agent 房地产 经 纪 人
accountant /o'kauntont/n. it; 会 计 师
Spy /spar/ 7. 密探 ; 间谍
vi. 从 事 间 谍 活动
wt. 突然 看 见 ; RM
justice /d5Astrs/ 7. AF; 公正 ; 合理
accuse /skju:z/ vt. 控告 ; 控诉 ; 谴责
come to a conclusion 得 出 结论
greedy /‘gri:di/ adj. 贪 禁 的 ; 贪心 的
entrepreneur /pntropra'nsi(r)/ n. 创业 者 ; 企业 家
receptionist /rrsepfenrst/ .接待 员
CV AN (NAmE résumé /‘rezjumer; 'rezomet/}
n. 履历 ; 简历
socialist /saufalist/ adj. 社会 主义 的
史 .社会 主义 者
communist /'komjonist/ adj. 共产 主义 的
nKPENS
dedicate /‘dedikert/ vr. 把 …… 奉 献 给
fox /foks/n. 狐狸 ; BBA
council /‘kaunsl/n. 委员 会 ; 市 政 服务 机 构

canal /ko'nel/ 7. 运河; 灌溉 渠
attend to 关怀 ; RA; 处 理
supervise /'su:povaiz/ vt. & vi. 主管 ; 指导 ; 监督
handwriting /haendrartmy/ zz. 书法 ;书写 ; 笔迹
disk (disc) /drsk/ n. 磁盘 ; &
parking /'pa:kin/ n. #0;
camel /‘keml/ 7. 骆驼
fry /frar/n. 油 煎 的 食物
vt. & vi. TAME; 油 炒 ; 油 前
purse /ps:s/ 7. 钱包 ; 皮 夹子 ( 尤 指 女 用 )
SeW /sau/ vi. & vt. ( sewed, sewn/sewed ) 48 #il; 48;
做 针线 活
knit /nit/ ve. & vi. 编织; 针织 ;
n. 编织 的 衣服 ; 针织 衫
wool /wul/n. =; 毛线 ; 毛料
intermediate /1nto'mi:diot/
adj. PRN; 中 等 的 ; 中 间 的
priority /prarprati/ 7. 优先 事项 ; 首要 的 事 ; 优先
proficiency /pro'fifnsi/ n. 熟练 ; 娴熟 ;精通
cage /ke1d3/ n. 笼子
vt. 关 在 笼子 里
collar /‘kvla(r)/n. ( a% )
flea collar KB
finance /‘famnens; far'nens/n. R&S; Ui; 金融
vt. 提供 资金
receipt /rrsixt/ 2. 收据 ; 接收
certificate /se'trfiket/ .合格 证 书 ; 证 明
employer /1m'plora(r)/ n. 雇主; 老板
desert /‘dezot/n. HiR; 荒漠
acquire /o'kwara(r)/ vt. 获得 ; 购 得

(使 ) 紧密 结合

RE; KR

Marie Curie /mo'ri: 'kjuori/ 3558 - BB ( 居 里 夫人 )

The Communist Manifesto /,mani'festou/
《共产 党 宣言

Olivia /a'livie/ 奥 利 维 姬

Pers (Public English Test System)

英语 等 级 考试

Vocabulary
词汇 表

注 : 黑体 部 分 为 课 标 词 和 短语 ; 白 体 部 分 为 非 课 标 词 ; 带

HA

a flock /flok/ of —# (=X )
a handful of 少数 人 (或 物 ) ; 一 把 ( 的 量 )
Aborigine /,eba'ridgoni/ 澳大利亚 土著
absurd /sb'ss:d/ adj. 荒 廖 的 ; 荒唐 的
accountant /o'kauntont/n. it; 会 计 师
accuse /skju:z/ vt. 控告 ; 控诉 ; 谴责
acquire /akware(rT)/ vt. 获得 ; 购 得
alien /ellisn/ m. 外 星人 ( 生物 ) ; 外 国人
adj. 陌生 的 ; 外 星 的 ; 外 国 的
applaud /aplo:d/ vt. & vi. RE
vt. RR; BR
appointment /s'pomntmont/
n. 预约 ; AS; 委任
aptitude /‘eptitju:d/ n. AA; Ai
arrest /o'rest/n. 3848; 拘留 ; 中 止
vt. 逮捕 ; 拘留 ; 阻止
arrow /zerou/7. 箭 ; 箭头
assemble /o'sembl/ vw. 组 装 ; 装配
vi. & vt. BR; 聚集 ;集合
attend to 关怀 ;照料 ; 处理

1B

backwards /‘bekwedz/ (NAmE backward)
adv. 向 后 ; 倒 着 ; FE
bakery /beiksri/ n. Hi ( 糕饼 ) 店 ; HES
barbecue /'ba:brkju:/ 7. (abbr. BBQ)
户外 烧烤 ; 烤 架
behold /brheuld/ vt. (beheld, beheld) 看 ;看见
biology /bar'plod3i/n. 生理 ; 生物 学
blurred /bls:d/ adj. 模糊 不 清 的 ; 难以 区 分 的
bond /bond/n. 纽带; 关系
vt. & vi. BRERA; 使 牢固 结合
Bondi /‘bondai/ Beach 孝 迪 海滩

(2)
(2)
(2)
qd)
(5)
(5)
(5)

()

(3)

(D
(5)

(3)
(2)

(5)
(5)

()
(2)

(2)
(3)
(2)
(1)

(3)
(2)

符号 的 词汇 为 专 有 名 词 。

bonus /bsunass/ 7. 意外 收获 ; RS; 红利
bounce /bauns/ vi. & vr. (使 ) 弹 起 上 下 晃动
n. 弹性 ; 弹跳 ; 活力
bounce around 蹦 来 蹦 去 ， 弹 来 弹 去
Braille (also braille) /brer/
APEX ( 凸 点 符号 )
breast /brest/n. 2; Ha2b
bridegroom /'braidgru:m/ n. #86
bubble /'babl/ vi. 起 泡 ; 沸腾
bungee /‘band3i/ jumping 蹦极 跳
butcher /'butfa(r)/ n. AIR; 屠夫 ， 剑 子 手

ic

cage /ke1d3/n. 笼子
vt. 关 在 笼子 里

calculate /‘kelkjulert/ wt. 计算 ;核算 ;预测
camel /‘keml/ n. 骆驼
canal /ko'nel/ 7.3239; 灌溉 渠
capacity /ka'pesoti/n. #H; 容量
capsule /‘kepsju:l/n. RE; 太空 舱
cardiac /‘ka:dizek/ adj. 心脏 病 的 ; 心脏 的
categorise /'ketogorarz/

vt. 把 …… 分 类 ( 加 以 归 类 )
certificate /so'trfikot/n. 合格 证 书 ; 证 明

Ceylon /srlpn/ 锡 兰 ( 斯 里 兰 卡 的 旧称 )
chairwoman /tfeswumaen/

1. 女 主席 ; 女 董事 长 ; 女 委 员 长

Chiang Mai /tfien'mar/ 清 迈 ( 泰国 城市 )
channel /tfenl/n. 航道 ; 海峡 ;频道
chemist /kemarst/ 7. 化 学 家 ; 药剂 师 ; 药房
chorus /'ko:ras/n. 合唱 曲 ; 合唱 团

vt. 合唱 ; 齐 声 说

a chorus of 齐 声 ; 异口同声

Churchill /'tfa:tfl/ 丘吉尔
circuit /'ss:kit/n. 巡回 ;环形 线路

(D

(5)
(5)

(1)
(5)
(5)
(4)
(2)
(2)

(5)
qd)
(5)
(5)
(2)
(3)
(2)

(5)
(5)
(3)

qd)
(2)
3)
(4)

(4)
(4)
(3)
(4)

Vocabulary

111

Appendices - =

circus /'ss:kas/n. BRA (4)
Claire /klea(r)/ 克莱尔 (D
clay /kler/n. 黏 士 ; 陶土 (4)
code /koud/n. 代码; 密码
vt. 编码 ; 把 ……' 译 成 密码 (5)
collar /‘kola(r)/n. ( 动物 ) RB; RB (5)
flea collar KE (5)
Columbus /ko'lambos/ 哥伦布 (3)
come to a conclusion 得 出 结论 (5)
communist /‘komjonist/ adj. 共产 主义 的
n. 共产 主义 者 (5)
conflict with 5------haavithe qd)
Congo /‘kongau/ 刚果 ( 国家 名 ) (4)

consultation /konsl'terfn/n. 咨询 ; 咨询 会 (4)
contract /kon'trekt/ vt. 感染 ( 疾病 ) ; 与 …… 订 立

合同 ( RRA)
/'kontrekt/n. 合同 ; 契约 (4)
coral /'koral/ n. 珊瑚 (3)
cotton /‘kotn/n. 棉布 ; 棉花 (4)
council kaunsl/n. BAS; HBAS (5)

coverage /‘kavorid3/n. 新 闻 报 道 ; 覆盖 范围 (3)
criterion /krar'trorion/n. ( pl. criteria /-rio/ )

标准 ; 准则 ; 原则 (4)
CV /\si'vis/ (VAmE résumé /rezjumer; 'rezomer/)

n. 履历 ; 简历 (5)
—D
debt /det/ n. 债务 ; 欠 款 (5)
declare /di'klea(r)/ vt. 表明 ; 宣称 ; AA (D)
dedicate /dedikert/ vr. 把 …… 奉 献 给 (5)
desert /‘dezat/n. ik; TR (5)
deserve /di'zs:v/ wt. 值得 ; 应 得 ; 应 受 (4)
detective /drtektrv/ n. 侦探 ; BAR (5)
didgeridoo /,did3ori'du:/ n. 迪 吉 里 杜 管 (2)
dignity /‘dignoti/n. 庄重 ; 庄严 ;尊严 (1)

© dim sim /dm 'sim/ ( 特 指 澳大利亚 的 ) 点 心 (2)

directory /do'rektori/n. 名 录 ; Sis SHS;

( 计算 机 文件 或 程序 的 ) 目录 (3)
disability /drse'brlati/ n. 缺陷 ;障碍 (4)
disabled /drs'erbld/ adj. 有 残疾 的 ;丧失 能 力 的 (4)
disk (disc) /disk/n. 磁盘 ; 盘 (5)
dismiss /dis'mis/ vt. 让 ( 某 人 ) BH; 解散 ;

解雇 ; 消除 (D

distribution /distri'bju:fn/n. 78; SB; 74 (2)
dive /darv/ vi. & n. ( dived/dove, dived )
潜水 ; 跳水 ; 俯冲 (2)

division /di'vign/ n. DF; 分 隔 ; 差异 ; 除 (法 ) (D
domain /do'mem; daumermy/

n. 领域 ; BL; 范围 (2)
doorway /‘do:wer/n. 110; HAA; 门道 (4)
drag /dreg/ vt. #6; 搜

vt. 文风 .缓慢 而 费力 地 移动 (4)
drawer /dro:(r)/ n. #82 (5)
a chest of drawers 抽 屠 柜 (5)

duck-billed platypus /'pletrpos/ #8 = (2)
dust /dast/n. +; 灰尘

vi. & vt. BR (4)

dusty /‘dasti/ adj. 布 满 灰尘 的 (4)
HE

Edmonds /‘edmondz/ 埃 德 蒙 效 (2)
employer /im'plora(r)/ n. BE; 老板 (5)
entitle /in'tartl/

vt. HZ ( 或 题名 ) ; 使 享有 权利 (2)
entrepreneur /,pntrapre'ns:(r)/

n. 创业 者 ; 企业 家 (5)
equator /'kweita(r)/ n. 赤道 (2)
estate /i'stert/n. FR; 住宅 区 ; 工业 区 (5)

(real) estate agent 房地产 经 纪 人 (5)
explode /rk'sploud/ vi. & vt. 爆炸 ; 爆破 (1)
exploit /ik'sploit/ vt. 开发 ; 利用; 剥削 (3)

exploitation /,eksplor'terfn/
n.FR; 利用 ; 剥削 (3)
extend /ik'stend/ v. 扩展 ; 使 伸 长 ; 延长 (3)
—F
fall away ( 逐渐 ) 减少 ; 消失 (1)
fare /fea(r)/n. FR; MH; 飞机 票 价 (1)

Felicity /fo'lisoti/ RAH (2)
fence /fens/ n. #42; 围栏 (2)

Ferdinand Magellan /'fs:dmend mo'gelan/

费迪南德 麦哲伦 (3)
fetch /fet{/ vt. ( 去 ) BR; (#) 请 来 (1)
fiction /fkfny/ zz. 小 说 ;虚构 的 事 (D
finance /‘famens; farnans/7 .资金 ; UR; 金融

vt. 提供 资金 (5)
fireplace /'faroplets/ n. 壁炉 (4)
fleet /fli:t/n. ARBA; #1BE; 车 队 (3)

flip /flap/ ve. & vi. (18) 快速 翻转 ( 用 手指 ) 轻 抛 (1)
flour /'flaua(r)/n. H}; ( 谷物 磨 成 的 ) 粉 (1)

forehead /fo:hed; 'forid/n. 2; 前 额
foundation /faun'derfn/ n. 创建 ; 基础 ;地基

fox /foks/n. IE; BIBHWA
freedom /‘fri:dam/ n.

frequency /frikwsnsi/ n. RE;

( 声波 或 电磁 波 振动 的 ) 频率
frog /frog/n. 蛙 ; 青蛙
fry /frar/ n. 油 前 的 食物
vt. & vi. KE; 油 炒 ; SHAT

1G

gallon /‘gzlon/ n. 加 仓

; 不 受 …… 影响 的 状态

重复 率 ;

( 容积 单位 ，1 英制 加 仑 约 等 于 4.5 升 )

geometry /d5ipmatri/ n. 几何 学 ; 几何

形

geothermal /,dgi:ou'@siml/ park 地 热 公园
getaway /getswe/ 寻 .适合 度假 的 地 方

Ghana /‘ga:na/ 加 纳 ( 国家 名 )

Gladys Claffern /‘gledis 'klefon/

格拉 迪 丝 ， 克拉 芬
golf /gplf/ n. 高 尔 夫 球 运动
gramme (NAmE gram] /graem/
1. 克 ( 重量 单位 )
grand /grand/ adj.K; 宏大 的

grant /grant; NAmE graent/ vt. 同意 ; 准许
n. 拨款

graphic /‘grefik/n. A; 图形; 图画
adj. 绘画 的 ; 图 案 的

greedy /gri'di/ adj. RBA; 贪心 的

grill /gril/n. BR; 烤肉 餐馆
grip /grip/ vt. & vi. RB; MA

guilty /grlti/ adj. WKN; 有 罪 的 ， 有 过 失 的

BH

handkerchief ‘henkotfrf/ n. FIA; 4)

handshake /hendferk/ n. 握手

handwriting hendraitm/ n. 书法 ;

hatch /het{/ vi. BE; BEE
vt. ERE; RA;

(4

hazy /herzi/ adj. 模糊 的 ; BREZES;
head start 起 步 前 的 优势
herb /ha:b/n. 药草 ; 香草 ; 草本

A]

hollow /hvlou/ adj. 中 空 的 ; 空心 的

horn /ho:n/m. ( 乐器 ) 号
housing /‘hauzin/ n. 住房 ; 住宅

45;

(4)
(2)
(5)
(2)

(2)
(2)

(5)

(3)
(D)
(2)
(2)
(4)

(D)
(2)

(1)
(2)

(4)

(5)
(5)
(4)
()
(1)

(1)
(4)
(5)

(2)
(D)
(5)
(2)
(2)
(2)
(4)

Hugo /hju:gau/ Award 雨 果 奖
hut /hat/n. 简陋 的 小 房子 ( SH.)
hydrogen /hardred5sn/ 7. 氢 ; 氢气
hypothetical /harps'9etrkl adj. 假设 的 ; 假定 的 (4)

iconic /arkpnik/ adj. 符号 的 ; 图 标的

in hand 在 手头 ; 可 供 使

inaction /in'ek§n/n. AB; 不 采取 措施

inch /int{/n. 英寸 ( 长 度 单位 ， 等 于 2.54 BK)

input /rznput/ 情况; 信息 ; 投入 ; 输入

vt. 输入
integrity /in'tegroti/ n. 诚实 正直 ;
intermediate /mtemi'diet/ adj.
中 等 的 ; 中间 的

完整 ; 完好

q

Isaac Asimov /‘aizok 'zezimpf/

艾 萨 克 ' 阿 西 莫 夫

iv

jam /djem/n. RB; 堵塞
James Cook @i8#h - 库 克

jar /dga(r)/ nF; taF

jaw /d3o:/ 2. &; FE

joint /dgomt/

HARA;

Vocabulary

(1)
(4)
(5)

(2)
(3)
(D
(D

(4)
(D

(5)

qd)

(4)
(2)
(4)
(4)

n. 公共 场所 ( 尤 指 价格 低廉 的 饮食 和 娱乐 场所 ) ; 关节

adj. 联合 的 ; 共同 的
jolt /dgoult/n. Rah; BR; ME

vt. & vi. (48) 震动 ; 摇晃

justice /‘d3astis/n. 公平; 公正 ;

ik

kayaking /‘kataekin/ n. 划 皮 艇

合理

kettle /'ketl/ n. ( 烧 水
kiwi /ki'wiy n. 几 维 ( 新 西 兰 鸟 )
knit /nit/ vt. & vi. BA; 针织 ;
n. 编织 的 衣服 ; EAR
koala /kou'a:lo/n. 考 拉 ; 树 袋 能

BL

用 的 ) ae; 水 壶

labour /lerba(r)/n. Sah (#4) ; 体力 劳动
vi. 奋斗 ; BALE

ladder /‘leda(r)/n. 梯子 ; 阶梯

(2)

()
(5)

(2)
(4)
(2)

( 使) 紧密 结合

(5)
(2)

()
(1)

113

Appendices

114

lamp /lamp/ 1.57; 人 台灯
laptop /‘leptop/n. 笔记 本 电脑 ;便携 式 电脑
Larry Belmont /'leri 'belmont/
RB - RRR
lately /lertli/ adv. 最 近 ; 不 久 前 ; 近来
lawyer /'lo:ja(r)/ n. i
league /lig/n. 等 级 ; KF; 联合 会 ; 联赛
in a league of one’s own 728
leather /‘ledo(r)/n. RS; [pl] RR; RE
leftover /'leftouve(r)/ adj. 吃 剩 的 ; 残留 的
7. 吃 剩 的 食物 ; 遗留 物
lever /'li:va(r); NAmE 'levor/ n. 操纵 杆 ; 杠杆
liberty /‘luboti/n. &
license /‘latsns/ vt. 批准 ; 许可
n.(= licence) 许可 证 ; 执照
licensed /latsnst/ adj. 得 到 正式 许可 的
located /leukertrd/ adj. 位 于

log /lpg; NAmE lo:g/ vt. 把 …… 载 入 正式 记录 ; 记录

7. 正式 记录 ; 日 志 ; 原木

im

Mail /metl/ n. 邮件 ; 信件 ; 邮政
vt. 邮寄 ; 发 电邮 给

mammal/maeml/7. 哺乳 动物
manned /mend/ adj. 有 人 控制 的 ; 需 人 操纵 的
manuka /maemu':ks/ honey 麦 卢 卡 蜂 密
Marco Polo /ma:keu 'peulau/ 马 可 ' 波 罗

Marie Curie /mo'ri: 'kjuori/

om - BE (BERKA)
marine /mo'ri:n/ adj. #65; 海产 的 ; 海 生 的

(1)
(3)

(D
(4)
G)
(3)
(3)
(1)

(4)
(D
(2)

(2)
(2)
(2)

(3)

(4)
(2)
(3)
(2)
(3)

(5)
(3)

maritime /'meeritaim/ adj. #86; 海运 的 ; 海事 的 (3)

maximum /'‘meksimom/ adj. 最 大 极限 的
有 . 最 大 量 ; 最 大 限度
meanwhile /mimwarl/
adv. 与 此 同时 ; ( 比较 两 方面 ) 对 比 之 下
merchant /'ma:tfont/n. BA; 批发 商
adj. 海上 货运 的
mercy /'maisi/ n. (77%; 38; BR
migration /margrerfn/ n. 迁移 ; 迁徙 ;移居
minister /mrmnista(r)/ 7 部 长 ; AB; 外 交 使 节
prime minister 首相 ;总理
mixture /‘mikstfa(r)/n. 混合 ;结合 体 ; 混合 物
monument /mpnjument/
n. 28 ( 或 馆 、 堂 、 像 等 ) ;历史 遗迹
more like 更 像 是 ;更 接近

(D

(3)

(3)
(3)
(3)
(2)
(2)
(3)

(2)
(D

mud /mad/ n. 38; 泥浆
murder /'ma:da(r)/ vt. HA; 凶杀 ;毁坏
n. RA; 凶杀

IN

nail /nerl/n. 指甲 BER; 钉子
vt. ( 用 钉子 ) 12; 固定
Negotiate /ni'goufiert/ we. HE; 达成 (协议 )
vi. 谈判; 磋商; 协商
nest /nest/n. BN; SR; 秘密 窝点
niece /ni:s/n. 侄女 ; IMB
not to mention 更 不 用 说 ; 且 不 说

| fe)

Olivia /o'livio/ R¥IZERE
ona... basis 根据 ;以 …… 的 方式 ( 基准 )
opponent /o'pounont/n. RIA; 对 手 ; 竞争 者
orient /‘o:rient/ vr. EN; SAN; 确定 方向
overstatement /‘suvestertmont/n. SA; 夸张

gP

pace /peis/n. 速度 ; 步伐; 节奏
vt. & vi. PERE; 调整 节奏
pan /pen/n. FR; 烤 盘
\ Panama /'‘penoma:/ 巴拿马 ( 国家 名 )
panel /‘penl/ 7. 控制 板 ; 仪表 盘 ; 专家 咨询 组
.Papua New Guinea /,pepus nju: 'gmi/
巴布亚 新 几内亚 ( 国家 名 )
parcel /‘paisl/ n. 包裹
vt. RF; 打包
parking /'‘pa:kin/ n. 停车 位 ; 停车
participant /pa:'tistpont/n. 参与 者 ;参加 者
PETS (Public English Test System]
全 国 英语 等 级 考试
phase /ferz/n. 阶段 ; 时 期
pitch /pitf/n. 音 高
platform /‘pletfo:m/n. #8; 3
plug /plag/ vt. 838; 补足
n. 堵塞 物 ; 插头 ; 插座
political /po'litikl/ adj. 政治 的
politics /‘polotiks /n. 政治 ;
possession /po'zefn/ n. [usually pl.] 个 人 财产 ;
拥有 ; 控制

a: 舞台

治 观点

a)

(3)

q)

(3)
(2)
(dy
(4)

(5)
(D
3)
(6)
(ql)

(1)
(4)
(4)
(GD

(4)

(4)
(5)
(5)

(5)
(2)
(2)
(4)

(4)
(2)
(3)

(3)
pouch /pautf/n. 育儿 袋 ; 小 袋子 ; 荷包 (2)
pray /prer vi. & vt. BB}; 祈祷 (4)
pray that 但 原 (4)

premier /‘premia(r); NAmE pri'mir/

adj. 最 著名 的 ; 第 一 的 ; 首要 的

n. 总 理 ; 首相 (2)
press conference 记者 招待 会 ;新 闻 发 布 会 (3)
presume /pri'zju:m; NAmE -'zu:m/

vt. & vi. IR; 假定 ()
priority /prarprsti/ 7. 优先 事项 ;首要 的 事 ; 优先 (5)
prison /‘prizn/n. 监狱 ; 监禁 (2)
privilege /‘privalid3/ n. 优惠 待遇 ;特权 (4)
profession /pro'fefn/ n. Aw; 行业 (3)

proficiency /pro'fifnsi/ n. 熟练 ;娴熟 ;精通 (5)
profile /preufarl/ 7. 简介 ; 概述 ;侧面 轮廓

vt. 扼要 介绍 ; HA; 写 简介 (5)
pros and cons 事物 的 利 与 刺 ; 支持 与 反对 (1)
puff /paf/n. (38. 89) 一 缕 ; 少量 ;喘息 (1)

purse /psis/n. 钱包 ; 皮 夹子 ( 尤 指 女 用 ) (5)
BR
radium /'reidiam/ n. % (5)
random /rendom/ adj. 随机 的 ; 不 可 思议 的 (D)
receipt /rsi't/ .收据 ;接收 (5)
receptionist /ri'sepfonist/ n. 接待 员 (5)
relay /ri'ler; rrler vt. 转发 ;转播

n. 接力 赛 ; 接班 的 人 (4)

relay to 转达 给 ……; 转发 给 …… (4)
resign /ri'zain/ vi. & vt. BIR; 辞去 (4)
ridiculous /rr'dikjoles/ adj. BIN; TBA;

TAY ie)
rigid /‘ridgid/ adj. 死板 的 ; 固执 的 (4)
ripe /rarp/ adj. AA; YALA (4)

Robin Lee Graham /rpbm li: 'grerom/

罗 宾 ， 李 ' 格雷 厄 姆 (3)
royal /rorel/ adj. 皇家 的 ; 王室 的 ; 高 贵 的 (3)
rubber /raAbs(r)/ 7. 橡皮 ; RAR; RAR (4)
rumour /‘ru:ma(r)/ 7. 谣言 ; 传闻 (D)
is
salary /‘selori/n. 薪水 ; 薪金 (D
salesman /'setlzmon/n. 售货员 ;推销 员 ()
saleswoman /'setlzwumon/ 7. 女 售货员 ;

女 推 销 员 ()

sample /'sa:mpl/n. A; 样品
saucer /'so:so(r)/ n. 茶 碟 ; 杯 托
scenario /semaxrisu/7. 设想 ; 方案 ; 预测
science fiction (informal sci-fi)

(abbr. SF) 科幻 小 说 ( 或 影片 等 )
secondary /'sckandri/ adj. 中 学 的 ; 次 要 的
session /sefn/ .一 场 ; 一 段 时 间 ; 会 议
set sail 起 航 ; 开航
sew /ssuU/ vi. & vt. ( sewed, sewn/sewed )

Sel; 8; 做 针线 活
shade /erd/

vt, 给 …… 遮 挡 ( 光线 ) DAT; 把 …… 涂 暗

n. 阴凉 处 ; KTR; 阴影 部 分
slogan /'slougon/ n. 标语 ; 口号
socialist /saufalist/ adj. 社会 主义 的

有 . 社会 主义 者

spice /spais/n. (8%) 香料
sponsor /'sponsa(r); NAmE 'spa:nsor/

vt. 倡议 ; 赞助 ; 主办

1. ( 法 案 等 的 ) 倡议 者 ;赞助 者
spy /spai/n. 密探 ; 间谍

vi. 从 事 间谍 活动
vt 突然 看 见 ; 发 现

stability /sta'biloti/ n. fa ( HE) ; 稳固 (性 )
straightforward / strett'fo:wad/

adj. 坦率 的 ; 简单 的
strait /strert/ 7. 海峡
stun /stan/ vt. 使 震惊 ; (SR
submersible /ssbms:ssbl/ n. 潜水 器 ;可 潜 船
sulphuric /sal,fjuartk/ pool 硫黄 池
superior /su:'proria(r); sju:-/

Vocabulary

(2)
(4)
(5)

qd)
(4)
(2)
(3)

(5)

(4)
(2)

(5)
(3)

(2)

(5)
(4)

(2)
(2)
(dy
(3)
(3)

adj. 更 好 的 ; SHAH; ( 在 级 别 或 重要 性 上 ) 更 高 的 (])

superior to 比 …… 更 好 ; 更 胜 一 筹

(D

supervise /'su:pavaiz/ vt. & vi. 主管 ; 指导 ; 监督 (5)

suspend /sa'spend/ w. 8; 挂 ; 暂停 ;暂缓
Sydney /srdni/ 悉尼 ( 澳大利亚 城市 )

aT

tablet /tablat/ 7 风 .平板 电脑 ;便签 本 ;药片

take for granted 认为 …… 是 理所当然 ;
Rh

take over SLA; 取而代之 ; 接管 ; 接手
tale /terl/n. 故事 ;叙述
Tasmania /tez'mernio/ 塔 斯 马 尼
( 澳大利亚 州 名 )

()
(2)

(4)
(4)
(D)
(3)

(2)

115
Appendices

116

Tasmanian /tez'memnion/ devil
塔 斯 马 尼 亚 恶 魔 ; RR
tax /taks/ vt. 对 …… 征 税 ; 使 纳税
n. Bi; 税 款
temporary /temprsri/ adj. BAH; 短暂 的
test out 检验 ; 测试
the Bay of Islands 岛屿 湾
The Communist Manifesto
/meent'festou/ (#* EE )
the haka /‘ha:ko/ 哈 卡 舞 ( 传统 毛利 伴 歌 战 舞
The Three-Body Problem 《三 体 》
tournament /‘tusnomont/ n. #47; 联赛
trunk /trank/ n. 树干
tube /tju:b/n. 管子 ;管状 物
tune /tjuin; NAmE tu:n/n. fi; 曲子
vt. 调 音 ; 调节 ;， 调频 道
turn out 关 掉 ， 熄灭 ; 在 场 ; 使 朝 外 ;结果 是

Bu

underwater /,ando'wo:ta(r)/ adv. 在 水 下

adj. 水 下 的
uniform /junrfo:my/ n. 校服; 制服
adj. 一 致 的 ; 统一 的

urge /3:d3/ n. 强烈 的 欲望 ;冲动
vt. 催促 ; 力 劝 ; 大 力 推荐
have an urge to 有 强烈 的 欲望 做 某 事

(2)

(3)
(2)
(ld)
(2)

(5)
(2)
(D
(3)
(2)
(4)

(4)
(1)

(3)

(4)

Iv

venue /'venju:/ n. 活动 场地 ( 如 音乐 厅 、 会 场 等 )
vibrate /var'brert/ vt. & vi. ( 使 ) 振动
violence /‘vatolons/n. 暴力 ; 暴行

violent /'varslont/ adj. RAH; 猛烈 的

iw

washroom /‘wofru:m/ 7. %Fi4; 厕所
weed /wi:d/n. #2; 野草
vt. & vi. RRB
weekly /‘wi:kli/ adj. 每 周 的
n. 周刊
whereas /,weor'ez/ conj. 然而 ; 但 是 ; 尽管

(D
(2)
(2)
(2)

(4)

(4)

(D)
(D)

withdraw /w10'dro:/ vi. & vt. ( withdrew, withdrawn )

(使 ) 撤回 ; 撤离
withdraw from 退出 ; 撤
wool /wul/n. =; 毛线 ; 毛料
wrinkle /rmkl vt. & vi. ( (8A L ) BARA; 皱 起
n. 皱纹
wrist /rist/n. 手腕 ; 腕 关节

—Z

Zac Sunderland /zek 'sandalend/
扎 克 ， 桑 德 兰

a

(3)
GB)
(5)

(4)
(5)

(3)
Irregular Verbs 不 规则 动词

Irregular Verbs

Verb Past tense | Past participle Verb Past tense | Past participle
arise arose arisen dive dived/dove dived
be (am, is, are) | was, were been eat ate eaten
bear bore born, borne fall fell fallen
beat beat beaten feed fed fed
become became become feel felt felt
begin began begun fight fought fought
behold beheld beheld find found found
bend bent bent flee fled fled
bet bet bet fly flew flown
bite bit bitten forget forgot forgotten
bleed bled bled forgive forgave forgiven
blow blew blown freeze froze frozen
break broke broken get got got/gotten
bring brought brought give gave given
broadcast broadcast anne d % went cl
grow grew grown
build built built hang ( 悬挂 ) hung hung
burn burntburned | burnt/burned have (has) had had
buy bought bought hear heard heard
cast cast cast hide hid hidden
catch caught caught hit hit hit
choose chose chosen hold held held
come came come hurt hurt hurt
cost cost cost keep kept kept
cut cut cut know new known
deal dealt dealt ay aid aid
dig dug dug ead ed led
do (does) did done lean leant/leaned leant/leaned
draw drew drawn leap leapt/leaped leapt/leaped
dreamt/ dreamt/ learn jlearnt/learned | learnt/learned
area dreamed | dreamed leave eft left
drink drank drunk lend lent lent
drive drove driven let et let

117

Appendices

118

Verb Past tense | Past participle | Verb Past tense | Past participle
lie ( 45) lay lain sleep slept slept
light lit/lighted lit/lighted slide slid slid
lose lost lost smell smelt/smelled | smelt/smelled
make made made SOW sowed sown/sowed
mean meant meant speak spoke spoken
meet met met speed sped/speeded| sped/speeded
mistake mistook mistaken spell spelt/spelled | spelt/spelled
output output output spend spent spent
overcome overcame overcome spill spilt/spilled spilt/spilled
oversleep overslept overslept spread spread spread
pay paid paid stand stood stood
put put put steal stole stolen
quit quit/quitted quit/quitted stick stuck stuck
read /ri:d/ read /red/ read /red/ strike struck struck/stricken
ride rode ridden string strung strung
ring rang rung sweep swept swept
rise rose risen swell swelled swollen/swelled
run ran run swim swam swum
say said said swing swung swung
see saw seen take took taken
seek sought sought teach taught taught
sell sold sold tell told told
send sent sent think thought thought
set set set throw threw thrown
sew sewed sewn/sewed undergo underwent undergone
shake shook shaken understand understood understood
shine shone shone upset upset upset
shoot shot shot wake woke woken
show showed shown wear wore worn
shut shut shut win won won
sing sang sung withdraw withdrew withdrawn
sit sat sat write wrote written

本 册 教 科 书 是 人 民 教 育 出 版 社 课程 教材 研究 所 英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心 与 美国 圣
智 学 习 集团 合作 ， 依 据 教 育 部 《普通 高 中 英语 课程 标准 (2017 年 版 )》 编 写 的 ， 经 国家 教
材 委员 会 2019 年 审查 通过 。

本 册 教 科 书 的 编写 ， 集 中 反映 了 我 国 十 余年 来 普通 高 中 课程 改革 的 成 果 ， 吸 取 了 2004
年 版 《普通 高 中 课程 标准 实验 教科 书 “ 英语》 的 编写 经 验 ， 凝 聚 了 参与 课 改 实验 的 教育 专
家 、 学 科 专 家 、 教 材 编写 专家 、 教 研 人 员 和 一 线 教 师 ， 以 及 教材 设计 装帧 专家 的 集体 智慧 。
本 册 教 科 书 的 执笔 者 还 有 Sarah H. Miller, Edward Yoshioka, Rayne Ngoi、 马 小 洁 、 游 晓 霞 、
陈 力 、 能 金霞 、 马 晓 基 、 赖 朝 辉 、 苑 玲 、 贵 丽 萍 、 沈 玉 荣 、 王 焕 蒲 。 为 本 册 书 提供 整体 设
计 的 是 昌 曼 、 胡 白 珂 ， 绘 制 插图 的 是 王国 栋 。 为 本 册 书 提供 图 片 的 还 有 Joanna Karmel,

我 们 感谢 2004 年 版 《普通 高 中 课程 标准 实验 教科 书 “” 英语》 的 副 主编 玖 亚 夫 和 编写
人 员 Dodie Brooks, Maggie Aldhamland Joanna Karmel 等 。 我 们 感谢 为 本 册 书 提供 专业
支持 的 自然 资源 部 国际 合作 司 (海洋 权益 司 )、 中 国 科学 院 海洋 研究 所 。 我 们 感谢 所 有 对
教科 书 的 编写 、 出 版 、 试 教 等 提供 过 帮助 与 支持 的 同仁 和 社会 各 界 朋 友 。

本 册 教 科 书 出 版 之 前 ,我们 通过 多 种 渠道 与 教科 书 选用 作品 〈 包 括 照片 、 画 作 ) 的 作
者 进行 了 联系 ， 得 到 了 他 们 的 大 力 支持 。 对 此 ， 我 们 表示 衷心 的 感谢 !

我 们 真诚 地 希望 广大 教师 、 学 生 及 家 长 在 使 用 本 册 教 科 书 的 过 程 中 提出 宝贵 意见 。 我
们 将 集思广益 ， 不 断 修 订 ， 使 教科 书 趋 于 完善 。

联系 方式
电话 : 010-58758866
电子 邮箱 : jcfk@pep.com.cn

人 民 教 育 出 版 社 “ 课 程 教材 研究 所
英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心
2019 年 4 月

