工
a
一
o
z
山

a. 一 — sg

3

ET 世博] ( |

于 时 EPLERER ba

和

ENGLISH

选择 性 必修

第 二 册

人 民 教 育 出 版 社 “课程 教材 研究 所
英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心
(美国 ) 圣 智 学 习 K Hl

〈 中 国 )

编著

A A de Ax te 2

“北京 ，

Ei: 刘 道义 郑 旺 全

副 主编 : 吴 欣 张 献 臣

编写 人 员 : Patrick Wallace Sarah H. Miller Tim Gibbs Jacqueline Eu
Sie RAK BIT SCANT

责任 编辑 : ER TSH

美术 编辑 : 胡 白 珂

普通 高 中 教科 书 ”英语 ”选择 性 必修 ”第 二 册
(中 国 ) 人 民 教 育 出 版 社 课程 教材 研究 所

英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心
(美国 ) 圣 智 学 习 集 FA

编著

学
A Ad: A ta aE
(ACRE 4
http://www.pep.com.cn

北京 出 版 集团 有 限 责 任 公司

北京 新 华 书店
天 津 翔 远 印刷 有 限 公司
2020 年 5 月 第 1 版
2020 年 8 月 第 1 次 印刷
890 毫米 x 1240 2K
8.25

231 FF

ISBN 978-7-107-34790-0
9.55 元

价格 依据 文件 号 : 京 发 改 规

te
EE

1/16

Hides BASRA Ss

PRAM AG 17 号 院 1 号 楼 邮编: 100081 )

2016) 13 号 ” 审 图 号 : GS (2018) 5122 号

版 权 所 有 “' 未 经 许可 不 得 采用 信
如 发 现 内 容 质量 问题 ， 请 登录

何方 式 擅自 复制 或 使

小 学 教材 意见 反馈 平台 :

本 产品 任何 部 分 违 者 必 究

jeyjfk.pep.com.en

如 发 现 印 、 装 质量 问题 ， 影 响 阅读 ， 请 与 北京 出 版 集团

有 限 责 任 公司 联系 调换 。 电 话 : 010-58572293 58572393

绿色 印刷
亲爱 的 同学 们 :

你 们 手中 的 这 本 教科 书 采用 绿色 印刷 标准 印 制 ，
学 期 起 ， 北 京 地 区 出 版 并 使 用 的 义务 教育 阶段

按照 国家 环境 标准 ( HJ2503-2011 )《 环 境 标志 产品 技术 要 求 ”印刷
用 环保 型 纸张 、 油 墨 、 胶 水 等 原 辅 材 料 ， 生 产 过 程 注重 节能 减 排 ， 印 届
让 我 们 携 起 手 来 ， 支 持 绿色 印刷 ， 选 择 绿色 印刷 产品 ， 共 同 关爱 环境 ， 一 起 健康

小 学 教

保护 环境 ”爱护 健康

在 它 的 封底 印 有 “绿色 印刷 产品 ”标志 。 从 2013 年 秋季
科 书 全 部 采用 绿色 印刷 。
第 一 部 分 : 平版 印刷 》， 绿 色 印 刷 选
产品 符合 人 体 健康 要 求 。
成 长 !
北京 市 绿色 印刷 工程

《普通 高 中 教科 书 ” 英语 》 是 为 了 适应 新 时 代 的 发 展 需要 ， 依 据 《 普 通 高 中 英语 课程 标
准 ( 2017 年 版 )》 的 精神 ， 充 分 征求 广大 师 生 的 反馈 意见 ， 在 《普通 高 中 课程 标准 实验 教科
书 英语》 的 基础 上 精心 修订 而 成 。 此 次 教材 修订 的 主要 目的 是 : 全 面 落实 立 德 树 人 根本 任
务 ， 培 育 社会 主义 核心 价值 观 ， 弘 扬中 华 优秀 文化 ， 充 分 体现 英语 课程 工具 性 和 人 文 性 的 统
一 ， 发 展 学 生 的 语言 能 力 、 文 化 意识 、 思 维 品 质 和 学 习 能 力 等 英语 学 科 核 心 素养 ， 充 分 体现

英语 学 科 特 殊 的 育 人 价值 ， 培 养 具 有 中 国情 怀 、 国 际 视野 和 跨 文化 沟通 能 力 的 社会 主义 建设
者 和 接班 人 。

修订 后 的 教材 主要 具有 以 下 特点 :

注重 思想 引领 教材 融入 了 社会 主义 核心 价值 观 的 基本 内 容 和 要 求 ， 注 重 培养 学 生 良 好
的 政治 素质 、 道 德 品质 和 健全 人 格 ， 弘 扬中 华 优 秀文 化 ， 增 强 文化 自信 ， 引 导 学 生 形成 正确
的 世界 观 、 人 生 观 和 价值 观 。

反映 时 代 要 求 ”教材 充分 反映 当代 社会 发 展 新 变化 、 科 技 进 步 新 成 果 ， 展 示 新 时 代 中 国
特色 社会 主义 新 成 就 ， 将 先进 的 教育 思想 和 理念 融入 教材 之 中 ， 同 时 紧密 结合 学 生 的 学 习 和
生活 实际 ， 关 注 信息 化 环境 下 学 生 的 发 展 需求 。

强调 语言 实践 ”教材 以 英语 学 习 活动 观 为 指导 ， 以 主题 为 引领 ， 以 语 篇 为 依托 ， 通 过 板
块 式 设计 将 语言 知识 与 听 、 说 、 读 、 看 、 写 等 技能 有 机 整合 ， 强 调 学 习 过 程 和 学 习 策 略 ， 突
出 活动 目标 ， 让 学 生 用 语言 做 事情 ， 在 实践 中 培养 语言 运用 能 力 和 创新 思维 。

突出 文化 意识 ”教材 通过 展示 多 姿 多 彩 的 中 外 文化 来 培养 学 生 对 中 华文 化 的 认同 和 传承 ，
加 深 对 人 类 优秀 文化 的 学 习 和 鉴赏 ; 通过 让 学 生 分 析 中 外 文化 异同 ， 发 展 其 多 元 思维 和 批判
性 思维 ， 增 强 学 生 跨 文化 理解 和 跨 文化 沟通 能 力 ， 构 建 人 类 命运 共同 体 意识 。

激发 学 习 动 机 ”教材 以 真实 性 、 趣 味 性 、 规 范 性 和 经 典 性 作为 内 容 选 编 原 则 ， 主 题 覆 盖
面 广 ， 语 篇 题材 和 体裁 丰富 ， 活 动 呈 现形 式 多 样 ， 版 式 设 计生 动 活泼 且 富 有 美感 ， 力 求 激发
学 生 的 学 习 兴 趣 和 动机 ， 引 发 他 们 积极 思考 、 主 动 参 与 语言 实践 活动 ， 提 升 英语 学 习 效 率 。

满足 不 同 需求 ”教材 编排 内 容 和 活动 设计 既 充分 考虑 学 生 的 共同 基础 ， 又 兼顾 学 生 不 同
的 能 力 水 平和 学 习 需 求 ， 提 供 了 拓展 性 的 教学 内 容 ， 为 教师 灵活 使 用 教材 进行 教学 提供 了 便
利 ， 也 切实 促进 学 生 的 个 性 发 展 。

本 套 教 材 为 高 中 英语 教学 提供 了 丰富 的 教学 资源 。 希 望 教材 能 够 帮助 同学 们 打下 坚实 的
语言 基础 ， 提 高 英语 水 平 ， 获 得 全 面 发 展 ; 同时 也 希望 老师 们 能 够 充分 利用 教材 ， 在 实践 中
不 断 完善 教学 ， 取 得 良好 的 教学 效果 。

编者
2019 年 4 月
CONTENTS

p.1

p. 13

p. 25

p. 37

CE OT A A Ee

Theme

UNIT 1

SCIENCE AND
SCIENTISTS

UNIT 2

BRIDGING
CULTURES

UNIT 3

FOOD AND
CULTURE

UNIT 4

JOURNEY
ACROSS A VAST
LAND

UNIT 5

FIRST AID

WORKBOOK

Reading

John Snow Defeats “King Cholera”
Ask questions

The Father of China’s Aerospace;
A World of Pure Thought

Al and Human Beings

“Welcome, Xie Lei!” Business Student Building
Bridges

Understand long sentences
Studying Abroad: Is It a Good or a Bad Idea?

A Canadian Teenager’s Experience in China

Culture and Cuisine
Understand cause and effect
Healthy Eating

Convenience Food or Fresh Food?

Seeing the True North via Rail: Vancouver
and the Heart of Canada

Use discourse markers to show relationships

Seeing the True North via Rail: Toronto and
Montreal

Xu Xiake’s Guilin

First Aid for Burns
Understand text types

A First-aid Story

ls Your Home Safe?

Unit 1p. 61
Unit2 p.68
Unit3  p. 75
Unit4  p. 82
Unit5  p. 89

Listening

A visit to the science
museum

Predict by using pictures

China’s deep-sea dive
record and quantum
computing machine

Chinese language learning
abroad

Pay attention to the setting

An exhibition of Chinese
bronze relics

Ordering food at a Chinese
restaurant

Preview

Ordering food at an
American steakhouse

A rail journey across
Canada

Understand idioms

A long walk across
Australia

An emergency call
Follow instructions

First-aid techniques
Speaking

Talking about
scientific
phenomena

Interviewing
someone

Pronunciation:
weak forms

Ordering food
Paying the bill

Expressing surprise
and curiosity

Talking about space

and position

Ending a conversation

naturally

Giving first-aid
instructions

for rescuing a
drowning victim

Writing

An opinion
essay about the
scientific spirit

An argumentative
letter about
studying abroad

A descriptive
essay about
one’s diet

An email about a
journey

A narrative
essay about
providing first
aid

APPENDICES

Structure *Project
Predicative clauses Think outside the box
Review of noun Tell visiting students
clauses about your school

The past perfect tense Design your own
restaurant
The past perfect

passive voice

Past participles vs
the -ing form

Prepare for a journey
across a vast land

Review of the -ing Learn and teach
form others about first aid

Make your own first-
aid kit

Notes

Grammar

Words and Expressions in Each Unit
Vocabulary

Irregular Verbs

*Video Time

Why Is It Important
to Explore?

International
Students in China

What Are
You Eating in
Australia?

Exploring
Quebec

Para-Life Rescue

p. 96
p. 105
p. 108
p. 115
p. 122
Reading and Thinking

Understand the questioning mind

1 Discuss the following stages of scientific research in groups. What order
would you put them in?

analyse the results ask a question draw a conclusion collect data
find a problem

find supporting evidence think of a method

@) 2 Skim the passage to see if the order you decided in Activity 1 was correct.

JOHN SNOW DEFEATS “KING CHOLERA”

Cholera used to be one of the most feared diseases in the world, until a
British doctor, John Snow, showed how it could be overcome. This illness
causes severe diarrhoea, dehydration, and even death. In the early
19th century, when an outbreak of cholera hit Europe, millions of people
died from the disease. As a young doctor, John Snow became frustrated
because no one knew how to prevent or treat cholera. In time, he rose to

become a famous doctor, and even attended to Queen Victoria when she
gave birth. However, he never lost his desire to destroy cholera once and for all.

In general, doctors in those days had two contradictory theories to explain how cholera
spread. One theory was that bad air caused the disease. Another was that cholera was
caused by an infection from germs in food or water. Snow subscribed to the second
theory. It was correct, but he still needed proof. Consequently, when an outbreak
of cholera hit London in 1854, Snow began to investigate. He discovered that in two
particular streets the cholera outbreak was so severe that more than 500 people died in
ten days. He was determined to find out why.

Snow began by marking on a map the exact
places where all those who died had lived. There
were multiple deaths near the water pump in
Broad Street (especially house numbers 16, 37,
38, and 40). However, some households (such as
20 and 21 Broad Street, and 8 and 9 Cambridge
Street) had had no deaths. These people
worked in the pub at 7 Cambridge Street. They
had been given free beer, and so had not drunk
the water from the pump. Snow suspected that

Part of Snow's Cholera Map the water pump was to blame. What is more,
Note: 一 : 1 death PH: public house
30, 31, ...: numbers of houses

in another part of London, a woman and her
daughter had died of cholera after moving
away from Broad Street. It seemed that the woman liked the water from the pump so much
that she had it delivered to her house every day. As a result of this evidence, John Snow
was able to announce that the pump water carried cholera germs. Accordingly, he had
the handle of the pump removed so that it could not be used. Through this intervention, the
disease was stopped in its tracks.

2 UNIT 1 SCIENCE AND SCIENTISTS
The truth was that the water from the Broad Street pump had been infected by waste.
Moreover, Snow was later able to show a link between other cases of cholera and
the different water companies in London. Some companies sold water from the River
Thames that was polluted by raw waste. The people who drank this water were much
more likely to get cholera than those who drank pure or boiled water.

Through Snow's tireless efforts, water companies began to sell clean water, and the
threat of cholera around the world saw a substantial decrease. However, cholera is still
a problem. Each year, millions of people around the world get cholera and many die
from it. Fortunately, we now know how to prevent cholera, thanks to the work of John
Snow. Moreover, in his use of maps and statistics, Snow transformed the way scientists
study diseases. For this reason, Snow is considered the father of modern epidemiology.

3 Read the passage again and complete the chart below.

Al i was believed that 5 Many deaths occurred near the 0 The pump
cholera was caused —____ in Broad Street. water carried
by bad or | = seme
germs in ; Some people __

drunk the water from the

. pump, and lived. ¥

B E
Snow the r,

A woman and her daughter The
places where the People = died in another part of London of the pump was
who had moved
re atter ; removed.

4 Match the following headers with the letters from the chart above. Write A-E
in the blanks.

1 conclusion 2 evidence 3 process 4 solution 5 theories

5 Write out the questions according to the answers?

1 Q: t ?
Q: Wha ‘ Ask questions
A: Snow thought that cholera was caused by germs in food or water. One way to approach
. 9 a reading passage is to
2 Q: Why ‘ ask questions about it.
A: Snow had the handle of the pump removed so that it could not Asking auestlonszcan
be used help you understand

the content. It can also

3 Q: How 2 help you think more
deeply about the topic.

A: The cholera threat was defeated thanks to the work of John Snow.

6 Ingroups, discuss the following questions.

1 What was the most important tool Snow used to defeat cholera? What common medical
tools, €.g., a microscope, didn’t he use? Why?

2 How has John Snow's work affected our daily lives?

UNIT 1 SCIENCE AND SCIENTISTS 3

Learning About Language

Build up your vocabulary

1 Find the words from the previous pages with the following prefixes or suffixes.
Then add two words for each prefix or suffix, and explain their meanings.

Prefix Words Prefix Words Suffix Words Suffix Words
re- micro- -ory -ial
dis- trans- -ion -ology
2 Make phrases by combining the words in the left box with those on the right.
Then complete the sentences using these phrases.
subscribe suspect blame link to of for

Many scientists the view that it is human activity that has caused global warming.
He was to the accident because he drove on the wrong side of the road.
The man being behind the robbery was seen crossing the street.

人 有 一

Since heart disease is often our lifestyle choices, we need to make healthy
living an important part of our lives.

3 Replace the underlined parts with suitable words from the box.
raw a household name substantial statistics handle

1 It is not unusual for an athlete to be well-known while he is active, and quickly forgotten
when his athletic career is over.

2  |’'msure she'll deal with the changes very well because she’s very adaptable.

3 He was ready to serve dinner to his friends when he realised that he had forgotten to turn
on the oven and the meat was not cooked yet.

4 Heused his great influence to change the thinking of the scientific community on this issue.
5 Scientists have collected more data than expected to prove the theory.

4 Read this passage about medical science. Complete it using the words below.
infection multiple decrease severe transform proof blame substantial

British scientists believe they may have found a way to fight the common cold. It blocks a
key protein in the body’s cells that is to for the spread of cold-causing virus.
Targeting the host rather than the was a bit non-traditional but made sense
because it was tricky to target the virus. Cold-causing virus are not only of

kinds, they also rapidly, meaning they can quickly develop resistance to
medicine. Researchers are working on making a form of medicine that can be taken directly
into one’s lungs, to the chance of side effects. Though these scientists have
made advances in their research, further is needed to make
sure such drugs are not so that they harm the body.

4 UNIT 1 SCIENCE AND SCIENTISTS
Discover useful structures

1

Underline all the examples in the reading passage where noun clauses are
used as the predicative. Then state their meaning and functions.

Answer the following questions using the information from the reading
passage as well as the predicative clauses.

EXAMPLE
What was it that John Snow showed to the world?
What John Snow showed to the world was how cholera could be overcome.

1 What was Snow’s discovery in two particular streets in London?
Snows discovery in two particular streets in London was that 5
2 What was Snow determined to find out during the 1854 outbreak of cholera in London?
What Snow was determined to find out was why

3 What were the exact places Snow marked on the map?
The exact places Snow marked on the map were where
4 What was the finding that Snow announced?
Snow's finding was that

David is talking to Maria about their scientific research project. First complete
David's lines [{A-E], using the words in the box. Then put David's lines in the
correct order and practise the conversation.

asif that what who when how’ why whose which whether

A Absolutely. You may not believe it, but that was happened at the initial stage
of our group’s research on developing a vaccine for malaria.

B Yes, it is. And it seemed all the theories were useful, but the fact was
we couldn't persuade one another that one theory was better than another.

C Exactly. The problem was not about all our theories were equally good, but in
deciding theory to depend upon.

D We realised that what we cared about was not aspect we needed to develop
a theory in, but rather we can reduce the cost of a vaccine without reducing its
effect!

E You're right. At last, we became focused on the key issue, which was we had
to carry out the research in the first place.

Maria: This mix of theory and data is one of the key characteristics of what we call science.
David: A

Maria: With your theoretical framework?

David:

Maria: Deciding on a theory is definitely of critical importance.

David:

Maria: This was when you should have calmed down and got down to doing some solid work.
David:

Maria: So what happened in the end?

David:

UNIT 1 SCIENCE AND SCIENTISTS 9

Using Language

Talk about scientific experiences

1 Look at the photos below, and discuss in groups what these activities have to do
with science.

2 The photos above are related to the
conversation you will hear. Using the photos,

try to predict the answers to the following ce aoe ena nied

Predict by using pictures

questions. hear. Using the pictures provided and
1 Where are the people in the conversation the knowledge you phd have, you
A 9 can guess the kinds of information you
going to go% should listen for. At times, you may even
wi ， isi nd wh | be able to guess exactly what will be

2 net xine of place is it, a at does it talked about. This will help you focus

better when Listening, making your

3 What kinds of things can you do there? stening more effects:

() 3 Listen to the conversation and see if your answers for Activity 2 are correct.
Then write down the letters (A-E) for the photos in the order that you hear them
described.

1 2 3 4 5

() 4 Listen again and complete the descriptions of the photos above.

Photo A: A giant dish; when you speak into it, it the sound back and
. You can use it to speak in a to
someone 17 metres away.

Photo B: A giant that you can use your feet to play. Instead of playing
the sounds of a piano, it plays the voices of

Photo C: You look at a blue screen for a while, and then suddenly you can see
moving around on it. These are our

Photo D: A where you can see yourself reflected thousands of times.
Photo E: You stand in front of , and it casts different shadows of
you, in the rainbow.

6 UNIT 1 SCIENCE AND SCIENTISTS
5 Discuss the following questions in groups.

1 The conversation is about the City of Science and Industry, a museum in Paris. Would you
like to go to this museum? Why or why not?

2 Are there any museums like this in China? What other interesting museums are there?

6 Ingroups, choose one of the museum activities on the previous page or
brainstorm another scientific research or experiment that you are interested in.

7 Make a short presentation to the class about your choice. Use the example and useful
phrases below to help you.

EXAMPLE

Today, | want to talk to you about a very strange phenomenon called a non-Newtonian
fluid. You can make it easily using equal parts of water and cornflour, like | have here. A
non-Newtonian fluid is strange because you can pour it like a liquid, but if you put any
pressure on it, it suddenly becomes hard as concrete. In fact, it becomes hard enough to
stand on. Then, as soon as you take the pressure off, it becomes a liquid again. This shows
that it is possible that something can exist as a liquid and a solid at the same time.

Talking about scientific phenomena

.. can/cannot exist in the form of a solid/gas and a liquid/plasma ...
… is both a … anda ... at the same time ... how light/sound is reflected ...

.. the existence of other ... This occurs when ... If you ..., it will become ...

That demonstrates ... This experiment/research shows ...

Through this, we know that ... We can prove that ... This evidence proves ...

Write about what makes a great scientist

™@) 1 Read the texts and decide if the statements are true (T) or false (F).

THE FATHER OF CHINA’S AEROSPACE

Perhaps no other scientist has had a greater impact
on China’s aerospace science than Qian Xuesen.
Described by the authors of the Story of Qian
Xuesen as a man with “great scientific thought and
scientific spirit” who was patriotic and served his
homeland with effort, achievement, and devotion,
Qian was an extremely well-respected man.

Born in Hangzhou in 1911, Qian attended
schools in Beijing and then entered Shanghai Jiao
Tong University to study Railway Mechanical
Engineering. However, after the Songhu Battle

broke out in 1932, Qian made the decision to
switch his major to aviation because he realised
that China needed its own powerful air force to
protect and defend the country.

Qian went to the United States in 1935 to
pursue his graduate studies. Over the course of
the 1930s and 1940s, Qian became a pioneer
in American jet and rocket technology. As a
graduate assistant at the California Institute
of Technology during the 1930s, Qian helped
conduct important research into rocket propulsion,

UNIT 1 SCIENCE AND SCIENTISTS

7
Using Language

8

创办 中 国 料 学 技术 大 学 力 凯 间

and in the 1940s, he and several other people
founded the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, now one
of NASA’s leading space-exploration centres.

After overcoming some difficulties during his
final few years in the US, Qian returned to China
in 1955. He received a hero’s welcome from
his homeland and was put in charge of not only
developing China’s rocket science but also its
space and missile programme. At that time, China
was poor and its rocket science was undeveloped.
No institute or university in China offered rocket
science as a major, and there were no talents or
experts in this field in China. Nevertheless, Qian

did not let that discourage him from taking on the
challenge. When asked “Can we Chinese possibly
make missiles?”, his reply was a determined “Why
not? We Chinese are able to make the same things
that other people make.”

Under Qian’s leadership, China developed
the Dongfeng missiles, followed by the first
generation of Long March rockets. In 1970,
China successfully launched its first man-made
satellite, Dong Fang Hong I, from a Long March
rocket. Because much of the technology behind
the Shenzhou rockets can also be traced back to
Qian’s research, Qian earned the name of “the
father of China’s aerospace”.

Qian read a lot and was extremely knowledgeable,
especially in the area of frontier science research.
However, what might have made him such an
outstanding and creative scientist was probably
his strong interest in other things, such as music
and drawing. His deep appreciation for art often
gave him inspiration in his scientific research.

On 31 October 2009, the whole country was
saddened by Qian’s death, and people honoured
and remembered him in different ways.

A WORLD OF PURE THOUGHT

Stephen Hawking was one of the most famous
and gifted scientists in physics. Most people are
familiar with images of him in his wheelchair,
unable to move and using a computer to talk.
Since he came down with a disease which caused
him to lose the use of most of his muscles, his
world became one of abstract thought.

Hawking first achieved fame when he was still
healthy enough to walk, as a graduate student
in physics at Cambridge University in 1964. In
general, there were two main theories on the
origin of the universe. The first was the steady
state theory, which holds that the universe has
no beginning or end. The other was the big bang
theory, which holds that the universe began at
a single point in time and space. The biggest
champion of the steady state concept was Fred

UNIT 1 SCIENCE AND SCIENTISTS

Hoyle, a professor at Cambridge. During the
question and answer period after one of Hoyle’s
lectures, Hawking stood up and pointed out that
Hoyle had made a mistake in his maths. Once
the maths was corrected, it showed that the big
bang theory—and not the steady state theory—
was true. Hawking’s own work on the big bang
theory was soon proven by astronomers with
telescopes. A star was born.

say, and to dream of what others were afraid
to dream about. Furthermore, he was quite
determined. This had helped him as a scientist,
and had helped him even more in his fight against
his disease. Above all, Hawking was willing

to admit his faults. This odd combination of
characteristics had made him one of the greatest
thinkers of the 20th and 21st centuries.

So, what made Stephen Hawking a genius?
Besides being brilliant, he was brave, though
sometimes careless in what he said or did. He
was willing to say what others were afraid to

1 Qian changed his major because of a shift in personal interest. T F
2 Qian’s strong interest in art has a positive impact on a scientist's development. 7 F
3 When Hawking was young, almost everyone believed that the universe

began with a big bang. T F
4 Because Hawking was determined, he was able to succeed even though

he was ill. T F

Answer the questions below using the information from the texts.

1 Why was Qian called “the father of China’s aerospace”?
2 How was Hawking’s own theory proven correct?

Study the language and structure.

1 Underline the linking words and phrases in the passages, and describe their function.

2 What is the function of each paragraph in the passages?

3 Find words that describe the personalities of the scientists. How do the stories about the
scientists help illustrate these personalities?

Write an essay about the scientific spirit.

1 In groups, discuss some stories about great scientists.
2 Using these stories as a basis, discuss the following questions:
¢ Apart from being clever, what are the most important personal qualities a scientist must
have to be successful?
© How do these stories illustrate the scientific spirit?
3 Now work by yourself to write an essay about the scientific spirit.

Exchange your draft with a partner. Use this checklist to help you revise the draft.
Then take your draft back and revise it using your partner’s comments.

Y Does the writer explain clearly the personal qualities that make up the scientific spirit?

Y Does the writer give examples from the lives of the scientistls) to illustrate the points?

Y Does the writer describe the personality of a great scientist?

Y Does the writer use appropriate linking words and phrases to tie the ideas together?
~ Does the writer use separate paragraphs, each with its own function?

Put up your essay in the classroom or read it to your class.

UNIT 1 SCIENCE AND SCIENTISTS 9

Assessing Your Progress

1 Complete the passage with the correct forms of the words below.
brilliant solid microscope finding contradictory gift astronomer theory

The scientist's main task is to discover how things work in the universe. But few scientists have
placed themselves under the . So even though the scientific method,
which mainly includes hypotheses, data collection, and statistical analysis, is written down, the
method by which scientists come to conclusions is hard to identify. Two of the
essential qualities a scientist needs to have seem to be curiosity and creativity. People who are
curious usually have a mixture of seemingly desires: They are looking for originality
and yet they also want everything in its proper place. To settle the conflict between statistics and

, scientists often have to be creative, and think outside the box—approach the problem
from different directions. They must have a vivid imagination and a strong intuition in order for new

to be made. It echoes something the___————S Carl Sagan once said. He believes
that every child “starts out as a scientist” and every child is with the “sense of wonder
and awe”.

2 Fillin each blank with a word or expression that introduces a predicative clause.

Science is simply you can do. And doing science makes you a scientist! So,
what do scientists do? Actually, what matters is not only they observe in the
world around them and what questions they ask, but also they use evidence
or data to answer the questions. They identify useful data and take new measurements.
Some of the key issues that scientists face are calculations they do and

they analyse their data to draw conclusions about the questions they ask.
The final issue, which many believe to be the most important, is they need
to communicate their results. This is they want everyone to benefit from their
work! It seems science is all around us. You see, by doing science, scientists
get a better understanding of the world around them and share that understanding with the
whole world.

°? REFLECTING

© What new ideas did you learn about science and scientists from this unit?

® What new vocabulary and structures did you learn in this unit? How well can you
use them? Did you use any of them in your language activities?

© Do you think the “asking questions” strategy was useful in understanding the texts?

© What problems did you or your friends have with this unit? How did you solve the
problems? What advice did you give each other?

© Overall, | thought this unit was © inspiring © interesting — so-so —) difficult.

10 UNIT1 SCIENCE AND SCIENTISTS
*Project: Think outside the box

Most great scientists have the ability to see the world in ways that other people do not, and
to come up with new ideas that other people have never thought of. In many cases, this has
caused other people to think that they are crazy at first. However, that thinking ability is
important to their creative process.

In this project, you are going to create an unusual invention.
1 Discuss these questions in groups.

» What is the purpose of each invention?

* Why is the invention unusual?

2 Choose one of the inventions, and brainstorm as many reasons as you can to explain
how and why the invention is useful.

3 Divide the following tasks within your group:

* write down ideas for the invention * serve as the presenter for the product/invention

* make props and pictures for the invention
4 Create your product and present it to your class.

EXAMPLE

Presenter: Does your goldfish suffer from low self-confidence? Is he afraid to go out into deep
water? Do female goldfish refuse to return his calls? Then you can buy him our new
Goldfish Shark-Fin! For just 999 yuan, you can turn your goldfish into a real go-
getter!

Woman: Since | bought the Goldfish Shark-Fin for my Henry, he has turned into a new fish!
Now he swims with the big fish! I'm so proud of him!

Presenter: You too can change the Life of your fish! For just 999 yuan! Hurry! Buy it today!

5 Asaclass, vote on the best product/invention.

UNIT 1 SCIENCE AND SCIENTISTS 11
* Video Time #u

BEFORE
What do you think you will see in the video? Tick the items that you think will

be mentioned.

Why Is It Important to Explore?

Some scientists, researchers, and explorers were
asked the question, “Why is it important to explore?”

This video gives their answers.

airplane butterfly city computer

diver frog 口 horse polar bear

ship submarine volcano whale
WHILE YOU WATCH

1 Check your answers from Before You Watch.
2 Complete these quotes with the words you hear in the video.

1 Emily Ainsworth: “It’s part of human nature to and to
about the world.”

2 Juan Martinez: “It's where you find

”

, where you find new things,

3 Lee Berger: “We think we know , but we don’t. We think we know
, but we don’t. We think we understand , but we don’t.”

what's out there,

5 Cory Richards: “And if we have more to care about, then we engage more fully
and more fully , and we act—you know— :

4 Catherine Workman: “ what's out there.”

3 Match the descriptions on the left with the words on the right.

1 a first flight A fish

2 used to explore an inaccessible place B frog

3 anew species C polar bear

4 eight new species D butterfly with a tag
5 anatural alarm clock E drone

AFTER YOU WATCH
Discuss the following questions in groups.

1 Of the explorations in the video, which seems the most important? Which seems the most
interesting? Why?

2 Whyis it important to explore, in your opinion?
3 How would you like to explore our world? Why?

12 UNIT 1 SCIENCE AND SCIENTISTS
m@) 2 Read the article and work
with a partner to analyse
the structures in the
underlined sentences.
Use the tip for help.

Reading and Thinking

Read about Xie Lei’s experience on an exchange programme

1 Before you read, look at the title and picture below. Where do you think this
article is from? What do you think the article is about?

Understand long sentences

English structures are different from those in Chinese, but you

can figure out what a long sentence means by following a few

simple steps.

1 Decide if the sentence is compound (look for and, but, or,
etc.) or complex (look for who, when, where, etc.).

2 Find the main clause if it is a complex sentence.
3 Look for modifiers.

XIE LEI!”

BUSINESS
STUDENT
BUILDING
BRIDGES

Six months ago, 19-year-old Xie Lei said goodbye
to her family and friends and boarded a plane for
London. It was the first time that she had left China.
“1 was very excited but also quite nervous. | didn't
know what to expect,” Xie Lei recalled.

Xie Lei is studying for a business qualification at a
university in China and has come to our university
on a year-long exchange programme. “I chose the
exchange programme because | wanted to learn
about global business and improve my English.
My ambition is to set up a business in China after
graduation,” she explained.

At first, Xie Lei had to adapt to life in a different
country. “You have to get used to a whole new

UNIT 2 BRIDGING CULTURES

life,” she said. “|had to learn how to use public
transport and how to ask for things | didn’t know
the English names for. When | got lost, | had to ask
passers-by for help, but people here speak fast
and use words |’m not familiar with. | ask them to
repeat themselves a lot!”

Although some foreign students live in campus
站 i j i ive wi h
family, who can help with her adaptation to the
new culture. “When | miss home, | feel comforted
to have a second family,” Xie Lei said. “When
there’s something | don’t know or understand, |

can ask them. They are also keen to learn about
China. Laura, the daughter of my host family, wants
to study in China in the future. We take turns to
cook each evening. They really love my stir-fried
tomatoes and eggs! Laura says she always feels
hungry when she smells it, so | taught her how to
cook it, too.”

Another challenge for Xie Lei is the academic
requirements. The first time that she had to write
an essay, her tutor explained that she must
acknowledge what other people had said if she
cited their ideas, but that he mainly wanted to know
what she thought! Xie Lei was confused because
she thought she knew less than other people. Her
tutor advised her to read lots of information in order
to form a wise opinion of her own.

Xie Lei also found many courses included
students’ participation in class as part of the final
result. Students need to generate ideas, offer
examples, apply concepts, and raise questions,
as well as give presentations. At first. Xie Lei had
no idea what she should say, but what surprised
her was that she found herself speaking up in
class after just a few weeks. “My presentation
on traditional Chinese art was a great success,

which boosted my confidence,” she said. “I'll use
these skills back home for presentations. They’ll
help me build a strong business in the future.”

Now halfway through her exchange year, Xie Lei

feels much more at home in the UK. What seemed
strange before now appears quite normal to her.
“Engaging in British culture has helped,” she said.
“As well as studying hard, I’ve been involved
in social activities. British people are fascinated
by our culture and eager to learn more about it,
so |’m keen to share my culture with them. While
Im learning about business, |’m also acting as a
cultural messenger building a bridge between us.”

We will follow Xie Lei’s progress in later editions,
but for now, we wish her all the best.

3 Why did Xie Lei have the following feelings during her year studying abroad?
Make sentences using “Xie Lei felt/feels ... because ...” according to the

article.

excited nervous comforted

confused

surprised confident feel at home

4 Take notes on what you read in the article by filling in the table.

Challenges

adaptation to a whole new life
Daily life

loneliness

writing an essay
Academic

equ participating in

and giving

What Xie Lei did

learnt to ;
learnt to :
asked for

lived with

got help from ;
a lot to prepare

gave presentation on

5 Discuss the following questions in groups.

1 Why did Xie Lei choose the exchange programme?

2 Why has Xie Lei got involved in social activities?

3 How has Xie Lei helped to build bridges between China and the UK?

4 What other challenges do you think students studying abroad might face? How can
students prepare to handle these challenges before going abroad?

UNIT 2 BRIDGING CULTURES

Learning About Language

Build up your vocabulary

1 Think of a word that best fits a
each definition and complete the
crossword puzzle.

5
1 to remember sth as
2 to accept, admit, or recognise sth or the Fi EL
truth/existence of sth | }- | spall i |
3 the process of changing sth or yourself 门 KY
to suit a new situation
4 to make sb feel less worried or unhappy + 全 二 HH
5 astrong desire to achieve sth 4
6 an exam you have passed or a course 区
you have successfully completed 国 |
to mention sth as an example 4 sf
8 containing many different parts and often

difficult to understand a

9 to be actively involved with sth

~

2 Complete the sentences with the correct forms of the words from the unit.
The first letter of each word is given.

1 Despite his poor living conditions, he remained actively e in his scientific
research.

2 Asan outgoing girl, she was always ready to p in the activities her college
offered.

3 Actively getting i in various social activities is the best way to overcome

culture shock.

4 “| used to study in this university twenty years ago, and there were not many international
students then,” my tutor r. .

5 A to a new culture can be difficult. However, you need to step out of your
comfort zone. Remember: When in Rome, do as the Romans do.

3 Complete the passage with the correct forms of the words in the box. How
did the student’s life change when studying abroad for the first time?

ambitious recall qualification accommodation feel at home

A year ago, | came to the University of Birmingham to obtain a business . Since
then I’ve been living in university with other international students, which allows
me to meet people from diverse cultural backgrounds.

The first few weeks there were absolutely overwhelming because everything was so different
compared to things back home. | felt confused and lost. | also suffered from homesickness,

all sorts of things back home—from my mother’s cooking to the neighbour's dog
| used to walk.

Gradually, | adapted to my new life as an international student. | got familiar with the place—the
local shops, clubs, and parks. | made friends and became more confident in my studies day by
day. | started in this new environment. | became more motivated, and I’m aiso a
lot more now! | feel that coming here was the best decision | have ever made.

16 UNIT 2 BRIDGING CULTURES
Discover useful structures

1

Study the sentences below and mark the noun clauses. What is the function
of each noun clause in the sentences?

1

3

What seemed strange before now appears quite normal to Xie Lei.

What surprised Xie Lei was that she found herself speaking up in class after just a few
weeks.

It’s important that Xie Lei keeps a balance between her studies and her social life.

Combine each pair of sentences using the words in brackets.

1

2

The advisor talked about maintaining reasonable expectations when studying abroad. His
words were quite helpful to May. (what)

Students have to write countless research papers as part of their coursework. This was not
something that Chen Hao was ready for. (that)

Who will be the successful applicant for the summer job at the law firm? This is the
question. (who)

Exposure to another culture and its scans can give exchange students great insights into
the world. This is an advantage of studying abroad. (that)

Schools in the States are quite multicultural, with students and teachers from many different
ethnic backgrounds. This impressed Liu Yang. (It ... that)

Should she stick to her own way of life or follow the American way? This is her confusion.
(whether)

Complete the passage with A-D from the box. What other things do you think
might attract international students to China?

A that he enjoys being with Chinese people

B How he can learn to appreciate it more deeply

C What impressed him first

D that people can eat almost everything with chopsticks

After just a few months in China, Leon, an exchange student from —

Germany, says that he has fallen in love with Chinese culture.

was the Chinese food. He couldn't believe Bp

how many different kinds of Chinese food there are! Something

else he found impressive was . Then there’s

China’s colourful culture, from art to music, and from calligraphy I

to literature. remains an important goal

for him, as he is truly fascinated by it. Leon is also amazed by the ties China

convenience of cashless payments in China. He can go outside

without any need for cash—all he needs is his mobile phone! The biggest reason why he loves
China, however, is . He has made great friends here—friends that he
will still remember long after his departure.

Work in pairs and take turns to talk about Xie Lei’s experience by completing
the following sentences with your own words.

BOND +

That ... made Xie Lei confused at first.

It surprised Xie Lei that ...

What Xie Lei’s tutor wanted to say was that ...

The motivation for Xie Lei to study abroad was that ...

UNIT 2 BRIDGING CULTURES

18

Using Language

Talk about Chinese language learning abroad

Before you listen, talk with your partner.

1 What do you know about Chinese language learning abroad?
2 How do people from other countries find out about Chinese culture?

Listen to the conversation and answer the

following questions ] Pay attention to the setting

When you listen, always ask yourself,
. ， “Where is this probably happening?”
1 Where does this conversation take place? Understanding the setting will help

ima2 you understand the type and content
2 who arethe people speaking’ of the communication more clearly.
3 What are they talking about?

Wasser searnee RIE

ad

Listen again and take notes by filling in the poster below.

4

5

AN Welcome to the Confucius Institute.

Learn to and all about !
Our institute has grown! We started with but now we have many more. fr
It is a centre for . You can learn and practise fascinating Chinese traditions.

Knowledge of the Chinese language and culture is important because of increasing _
. Many students go on to great jobs in

Join us today to help break down language and , and bring the world
together!

Answer the questions according to what you remember of the conversation.

1 What made Aisha feel like she was part of Ms Hus family?
2 Why did Aisha want to become a teacher?
3 Why do students learning Chinese see it as beneficial to their future?

Imagine you're interviewing a student at a Confucius Institute in another
country about his or her experience. Work with a partner to brainstorm what
the interviewer might ask and how the student might answer. Then role-play
the interview. Use the phrases and questions in the box to help you.

Interviewing someone

We are pleased to welcome ... What was your biggest challenge?

Thanks for joining us. How did you overcome it?

Tell us more about ... What are you keen on?

Thanks for your time. What is the key to your success?

It was a pleasure talking with you. What do you feel is your biggest achievement?

UNIT 2 BRIDGING CULTURES
EXAMPLE

A:
B:
A:

Hi, Jane. Welcome to the show!
Thanks for inviting me.

Tell us, what was your biggest challenge in
learning Chinese at the beginning?

: Well, | suppose it was difficult to grasp the tones

at first.

: | bet! Did joining the Confucius Institute help
overcome this problem?

: Absolutely! Getting involved with Chinese
cultural activities there definitely helped a lot...

o Pronunciation — ee a 四

Read the conversation and answer the questions: What problem is Lu Yao
having? What may be the cause of the problem? How can he solve his problem?

1

ao:

Lu Yao:

Miss Conner:

Lu Yao:

Miss Conner:

Lu Yao:

Miss Conner:

Lu Yao:

Miss Conner:

Lu Yao:

Excuse me, Miss Conner. I’m having a problem with this English listening
task. Some words are pronounced really fast and sound different.

Oh, let me listen ... Yes, that’s probably because the words are not being
stressed. You see, English is a stress-based language.

So does this mean | need to know which words are stressed and which are
not?

Yes, |’m afraid so. English words have a strong form and a weak form.
Words like pronouns, articles, prepositions, and so on are often not
stressed. So we usually use the weak form for them when we speak.

Oh no. When | speak, | worry people won't understand me, so | always try
to pronounce all my words really clearly. No wonder my classmates say |
sound like a robot!

Oh dear! Well, | suggest you pay more attention to the weak forms. For
example, in the sentence “Are you studying hard?”, the words “are” and
“you” are pronounced as /e/ and /je/.

Oh, | get it. Thanks, Miss Conner.

You're welcome. | also suggest you watch some movies and study how
the weak forms are used.

That’s great advice, Miss Conner! I’m going to watch a movie right now.
Thanks again! Bye!

Listen to the conversation above and underline the weak forms the speakers
used. Then practise the conversation with your partner.

UNIT 2 BRIDGING CULTURES

19
Using Language

Express your opinions on studying abroad

@) 1

20

A local newspaper has invited parents to share their opinions about studying

abroad. Read these two letters and underline each writer’s main points. Then

mark the reasons for their opinions.

STUDYING ABROAD: 1S IT A GOOD OR A BAD IDEA?

Dear Editor,

In the past few decades, there has been a dramatic
increase in the number of people studying abroad.
Although studying abroad can bring great benefits, I
think the disadvantages for young people are greater.

To begin with, many students who study abroad face
great economic pressure. That means studying abroad
is just not possible for everyone. Tuition fees and living
expenses are much more expensive than at home and
could end up costing most families an arm and a leg.
Studying in China is much more convenient and can
help save money.

Another important factor to consider is the
tremendous pressure that comes with studying
abroad. Students must learn how to live in an
unfamiliar environment with limited language skills.
Some may struggle and suffer from culture shock
when learning how to behave in new surroundings.
Other students are not mature enough to handle
the challenges by themselves and may become
depressed. Some students might even encounter
problems with personal safety. In addition, different
approaches to teaching and learning may come as a
shock to many students.

A final point to consider is that while studying
abroad does have potential benefits, young people
who study in China also have a great future to look
forward to! As China has boomed, the educational
environment has improved significantly, with many
great universities now available. They have great
facilities and outstanding professors, helping to educate
young people who will contribute to the economy and
further strengthen our country.

To sum up, one cannot deny the fact that studying
abroad has its disadvantages, so when you think about
studying abroad, you should consider these many
factors.

Kind regards,
Wang Li (mother of twin girls)

UNIT 2 BRIDGING CULTURES

Dear Editor,

Is studying abroad a good idea or not? There
are certainly disadvantages, but in my opinion, the
advantages are much greater. As I always tell my son,
there are no great difficulties for a person who is brave,
optimistic, and willing to work hard!

The first advantage of studying abroad is personal
growth. The education you gain and the experiences
you have will change you for the better. For example,
you will certainly become more independent because
you will have to deal with all kinds of difficulties by
yourself. Studying abroad also helps you to gain a global
perspective and improve your general competence.

Another advantage is the increased chance for cultural
exchange. Chinese students can be seen as cultural envoys
promoting friendship between nations. International
students in China also bring their colourful cultures
here. Cooperating with people from diverse cultural
backgrounds helps us view the world from different angles
and thus gives us more insight into our own culture.

Finally, studying abroad provides a great opportunity
to contribute to the development of our motherland.
China’s ‘global outlook, with projects such as the Belt
and Road Initiative, has helped us make connections
across the world. Therefore, China needs more talented
young people with a global perspective who are
highly competent with languages, have leadership and
organisational skills, and have strong cultural awareness.
Students who study abroad will develop such skills and
abilities, and these in turn will provide them with better
career opportunities.

All in all, studying abroad helps to build character
and increase people’s understanding of cultural diversity
while strengthening China and building a shared future.
for all. I think this life-changing experience is certainly
worthwhile, and I hope my child will study abroad in the
future.

Sincerely yours,
Zhang Yi (father of one boy)
2 Read the letters again and then use the connectors in the box to rewrite the
sentences below.

as a result besides for instance that is to say

1 Students who want to study abroad must consider their parents’ budget. They should think
about whether they can afford the costs of studying overseas.

2 Studying abroad can put great pressure on young people. They may feel lonely and miss their
families.

3 Studying abroad will give students a good education. It also helps them to gain a global
perspective.

4 Global development strategies help to make connections between China and the rest of the
world. Young people with language skills and strong cultural awareness are needed.

3 Discuss the following questions with your partner.

1 What are some other advantages or disadvantages of studying abroad that were not mentioned
in the letters?

2 Which parent would you probably side with? Why?

] Use connectors

When you write an
4 Analyse the argumentative letters. argumentative piece, use
connecting phrases to lead
readers through your process

1 Mark the parts of the argument in the letters. of reseonind Good logical

A Start with a question or a fact. connectors will help your

we audience understand your point
B State an opinion. of view, whether they agree
C Give reasons and evidence to support an opinion. with you or not!

D State a conclusion.
2 Underline the connectors in the letters. Then study the words in the boxes below.

Connectors expressing opinion Connectors expressing
reasons or evidence
Point of view: Listing:
in my opinion _as far as | know to begin with — what is more
as far as | am concerned besides moreover
personally (speaking) in addition
Summary: Cause & effect:
in short to sum up all in all because as so thus
in conclusion/summary therefore as a result
enerally speakin
。 Giving examples:
Restating: forexample __ for instance
in other words that is to say such as
that means

5 Write a letter to the editor expressing your own opinions about studying abroad.

UNIT 2 BRIDGING CULTURES = 21
Assessing Your Progress

Rewrite the sentences with the correct forms of the words or phrases in brackets.

22

oN Oa

9

1 Heis still too young to know how to act and talk on such occasions. (mature, behave)

2 | have to admit that | spent too much time on social activities. (deny, take up)

3 If you care for others sincerely, they will come to trust you, and your relationship will grow

stronger. (strengthen, gradually)

4 She considered the current situation in a reasonable way and decided to be positive about

the outcome. (logically, optimistic)

5 Most of the people who had applied for this position were turned down, but he stood out
because he was good at working with others. (applicant, cooperate)

6 The mother worried about her daughter who was studying abroad in a totally new

environment, but she felt less anxious because of the fact that people there were friendly and

helpful. (surroundings, take comfort in)

Match the phrases or clauses below to make complete sentences.

My suggestion for avoiding any cultural
misunderstanding is ...

No matter which country you go to, you will
end up feeling like an outsider. That ...

What he said about the school was ...

Taking a year off from school to travel
abroad is ...

What | saw when | arrived was ...
That he was forgetting his mother tongue ...
Why the school denied his application is ...

Perhaps the most obvious challenge of
studying abroad is ...

I'm afraid ...

10 It remains to be seen...

中

beyond description.
perfectly true.

that you have to overcome the language
barrier.

still unknown.

that | don’t know how to acknowledge
all the sources in my research paper
correctly.

that you should observe what others do
and how they do it.

what's generally called a gap year.

is probably why many people do not want
to live abroad.

whether my research paper will be well
received.

worried him a bit.

© What have you learnt in this unit about the benefits of cultural exchange?
@ What do you think are some of the differences between studying in your own country

and studying abroad?

@ If there are overseas students visiting your school, can you use what you have learnt

to communicate with them?

@ Overall, | thought this unit was © cool © helpful © so-so © difficult.

UNIT 2 BRIDGING CULTURES
*Project: Tell visiting students about your school

Suppose a group of exchange students are coming from Australia to study in your school for a
year. Work in groups and help your headmaster to design a booklet about your school.

1 Brainstorm what the visiting students might need to know about your school.

Location of school
History of school
School motto
School rules

Special events

Compulsory courses
and elective courses

Clubs

Other

2 Divide up the work among your group members so that one or two students are
responsible for each topic. Make a page for each topic and include photos or
pictures. If possible, include a map of your school to show how to get around.

3 Decide on a good order for the information and then put the pages together.
Improve the design of the booklet if necessary.

4 Make an attractive cover page for your booklet by including a few descriptive
sentences and a good picture or two.

AN INTRODUCTION SCHOOL MOTTO
TO OUR SCHOOL

NO. 5

HIGH SCHOOL | bang! SPORTS MEET em

UNIT 2 BRIDGING CULTURES = 23

* Video Time #mu

BEFORE YO

What do you think the foreign students in the video enjoy most about China?

lI WATCH

International Students in China

In this video, we talk to four international
students, Karim, Kathy, Stella, and Anthony,
about their time in China.

Tick the items that you think will be mentioned.

calligraphy

language

poems

WHILE

Karim
Kathy
Stella
Anthony

Student

fast delivery service
music

scenic spots

Country

2 | especially like

and status through
3 I’ve found that almost everything in Chinese culture is connected to
When | do tai chi, | feel
4 They told me that in China, people won't
because long noodles represent

AFTER YOU WATCH

Discuss the following questions in groups.

1 Imagine that your family is hosting an international student. What would you want to share
with him/her about China?

2 If you had a chance to go overseas as an international student, which country would you

go to? Why?

24 UNIT 2 BRIDGING CULTURES

food
online shopping
folk art

1 Fill in the table with information about each person.

history

kung fu

Peking Opera

What impressed him/her

1 | think calligraphy is a wonderful expression of

2 Complete these quotes with the words you hear in the video.

and

. You can figure out every character's personality

and

come over me.

without these noodles,
133

_“Sehiiferent levers
4 soul and body

Grace! DP :

Reading and Thinking

Understand the link between food and culture

1 Before you read, discuss these questions in groups.

1 How many kinds of Chinese cuisine are there, and how can these cuisines be described?
2 What, if anything, do these cuisines tell you about the people who eat them?

™@) 2 The first paragraph has a quote: “You are what you eat.” In pairs, discuss what

you think this saying means. Then read the article to see if you share the same
ideas as the author.

CULTURE AND CUISINE

The French author Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin once wrote, “Tell me what you eat, and I will tell
you what you are.” Put more simply, this means “You are what you eat.” Most people today relate this
saying to healthy eating. However, Brillat-Savarin was actually referring to our personality, character,
and culture.

Certainly, in many ways this seems to be true. Chinese cuisine is a case in point.
Prior to coming to China, my only experience with Chinese cooking was in
America, with Chinese food that had been changed to suit American tastes.
For example, America’s most popular Chinese dish is General Tso’s chicken,
which consists of fried chicken covered in a sweet sauce, flavoured with hot red
peppers. This is probably not an authentic Chinese recipe, however, so it cannot
tell us much about the Chinese. On the other hand, it does tell us a lot about
Americans. It tells us, for example, that Americans love bold, simple flavours. And, since the dish was also
invented recently, it tells us that Americans are not afraid to try new foods.

Later, I had a chance to experience authentic Chinese food by coming to China. When my family and I
had just arrived in China, we went looking for a good place to eat in Beijing. A Sichuan restaurant had
been recommended to us by a friend, and finally, we found it. Tired, hungry, and not knowing a word of
Chinese, we had no idea how to order, so the chef just began filling our table with the best food we had
ever eaten. With this, we had the pleasure of experiencing an entirely new taste: Sichuan peppercorns.
The food was wonderful and different, but what was even more important was the friendship offered us.

We soon moved to Shandong Province in the eastern part of North China. My favourite dish there was
boiled dumplings served with vinegar. I observed that family is important to the people there. It has
become a favourite traditional dish of the people in North China, where making dumplings has always
been a family affair with everyone—from the youngest to the oldest—joining in to help. Later, I learnt
that the most famous food in Shandong is pancake rolls stuffed with sliced Chinese green onions.

Then we moved to northern Xinjiang. Some of our friends were Kazak and Inner Mongolian. These
groups traditionally wandered the open range on horses. os a result, thers traditional foods are what you

Our travels then took us to South China, and then on to central China. In each place we went, we
experienced wonderful local dishes, from Guangdong’s elegant dim sum—small servings of food in
bamboo steamers—to the exceptional stewed noodles in Henan. Everywhere, the food was as varied
as the people. However, one thing is always true: Through food, Chinese people everywhere show
friendship and kindness.

At a minimum, the kinds of food local people consume tell us what they grow in their region, what
kinds of lives they lead, and what they like and do not like. Could we also say, for example, that those
who like bold flavours are bold themselves? Or, that those who like spicy food tend to have a hot
temper? Maybe. Maybe not. What we can say, however, is that culture and cuisine go hand in hand, and
if you do not experience one, you can never really know the other.

3 Use the information from the text to complete the table below.

Place Kind of Chinese food Typical dish People or culture
America
Beijing
Shandong
Northwest China
South China

Central China

4 Match the 0]
causes to the
effects below. Sometimes sn hae are seine » each wenn eer sig bi abe me

causes something else to happen. Cause-and-effect relationships can be direct. For
Then mn ain example, “It was raining, so | took my umbrella.” However, some cause-and-effect
oA rom relationships are not direct, and some may also have more than one cause or effect.
e “

Understand cause and effect

Cause Effect
1 The flavour preferences of Americans A The chef just began filling our table
often differ from those of the Chinese. with the best food we had ever eaten.
2 We had no idea how to order food. B Their traditional foods are what you

3 These groups traditionally wandered can cook over an open fire.
the open range on horses. C Chinese food in America is changed to
suit American tastes.

5 Discuss the following questions in groups.

1 Do you think “culture and cuisine go hand in hand”? Give your reasons.
2 Imagine that it is true that people’s personalities are closely linked to the foods they eat.
What does eating the following foods tell you about a person?

spicy food vegetarianfood junkfood seafood sweets chocolate rice noodles
onion garlic bacon ham sausage cabbage mushroom bean curd

UNIT 3 FOOD AND CULTURE = 27
Learning About Language

Build up your vocabulary

1

Find words from the reading passage which have similar meaning to the words

in italics.

1 We'll need ten months at least to have the restaurant decorated.

2 Some traditional Chinese dishes from before the Ming Dynasty are still popular today.

3 My grandpa’s breakfast mainly includes wholegrain biscuits and a glass of milk.

4 People in this area would eat nearly a kilo of cheese per week.

5 We enjoyed a special dinner in a fancy restaurant where the waiters all wore attractive suits.
6 He prefers this brand of coffee which, as he said, has an unusually good flavour.

Learn more about foods around the world by matching the first and second
halves of the following sentences.

1

Italy, Greece, and Spain are famous

for their olives, figs, and other B
ingredients,
She sliced off Cc

A traditional Western dinner can
consist of

dessert.

A apiece of sausage for her dinner.
an appetiser, a main course, soup, and

which have all contributed to centuries of
cuisine development.

Familiarise yourself with some food idioms by matching the meaning on the
right with the coloured words on the left.

Public concern for the health of farm animals has
mushroomed in the UK.

Anderson may be young but he’s certainly rolling
in dough!

George is a popular lecturer. He often peppers his
speech with jokes.

As the person to bring home the bacon, he needs
to find a stable job.

He is often regarded as a ham actor for his
overemphasised facial expressions.

The media reported that these companies had
treated pollution as a hot potato.

Don’t worry about the test tomorrow. It’s going to
be a piece of cake!

It’s best to fold the swimming ring when it is as flat
as a pancake.

28 UNIT 3 FOOD AND CULTURE

completely flat

something that is very easy
to do

an issue that is hard to deal
with

to include large numbers of
something

to earn one’s living to
support a family

wealthy

G to rapidly increase in

number

an actor who performs
badly, especially by
overemphasising emotions
1

Discover useful structures

Look at the two pairs of sentences, paying attention to the meaning and use of the
past perfect tense and the past perfect passive voice.

1 The chef had set up a farm-to-table restaurant before his new cookbook was published.
A new farm-to-table restaurant had been set up by the chef before his new cookbook was
published.

2 They had finished their dinner by the time Sam joined them.
Their dinner had been finished by the time Sam joined them.

Find more sentences using the past perfect tense or the past perfect passive voice
from this unit.

Complete the two conversations with the correct forms of the words in the box
using the past perfect tense or the past perfect passive voice.

arrive cancel eat finish get taste tell

1 Carol: you ever any Scottish food before your trip to St
Andrews last year?
Paul: No, not really. But | about haggis many times before we went there.
Carol: Oh ... Did you try it?
Paul: Oh, yes! You know what? We late for supper that day, and so we just
ate whatever was left in the university canteen. We our meal before we
learnt we just haggis!

Carol: My goodness!
Paul: Well, it was not bad. | have to say ...
2 Carol: When | got to the teahouse yesterday, | found nobody there. it
Paul: Oh, I’m so sorry that | forgot to tell you! The get-together was cancelled yesterday
morning because Sally, the hostess, into a car accident.
Carol: Oh, I’m sorry to hear that. Hope Sally recovers soon!

Work in pairs. Choose one of these three situations, and make asmany =
sentences as you can using the past perfect tense and the past perfect passive
voice. Then make a conversation using these sentences.

EXAMPLE

UNIT 3 FOOD AND CULTURE 29
Using Language

Order food together with a foreign friend

1 Match the dishes below to their English names. Then in groups, discuss what you
know about these dishes, including what they contain and how they are made.

A_hand-torn cabbage

| B_ bridge tofu Preview
C dry pot duck with golden buns Listening is often combined with some sort of
D steamed fish head covered with chillies picture or text. If you preview the picture or

text before you listen, it will help you better
understand what you hear.

2 Ingroups, discuss the menu below.

1 What kind of restaurant is it and what kinds of food are served?
2 Which dishes would you recommend to a foreigner? Why?

M E N U Pearl meatballs
RF

珍珠 九 子 26 元
Hand-torn cabbage
Red braised pork 手 撕 包 菜 18 元
aA 427 Bridge tofu
Dry pot chicken it HF ZI 18 7%
FRB 32% Mushroom soup
Dry pot duck with golden BBA 22 %
buns Vegetable soup
FRY BSRERA 38 7 RRA 18 %
Steamed fish head
covered with chillies
BAe BK 48 %
Steamed preserved meat
BREE 38 A

30 UNIT 3 FOOD AND CULTURE
QO

O 4

Tingting, Anna, and Lisa are at the Hunan Restaurant. Listen to their conversation
and tick the dishes that they order in the menu above.

Listen again and answer the questions.

How is Hunan cuisine somewhat different from Sichuan cuisine?

What are the reasons why Hunan people like spicy food?

Why do so many people love steamed fish head covered with chillies?

Why does Tingting recommend bridge tofu instead of dry pot duck with golden buns?
Why is red braised pork the most famous dish?

上 ON 一

In groups of three, discuss what types of restaurant you would like to take a foreign
visitor to, and why. Then take turns role-playing taking your foreign guest to the
restaurant you have chosen. One of you should act as the foreign guest, one as the
Chinese host, and one as the waiter or waitress. You may start like this:

EXAMPLE

A: | really love spicy food, so what dish
would you recommend?

B: | suggest Mapo tofu.

A: Really? What's that?

B: Waiter!
C: May | take your order?

Ordering food
Can I help you? Are you ready to order, sir/madam?
T'll take your order in a minute. What would you like ...?
What should I order? What would you suggest/recommend?
Why don't you order ...? You could order ...
Do you have ...? You might like ...
How about ordering ...? Why not ...?
You should have/try ... You'll like it because ...
This restaurant has the best ... Right now, ... is in season.
It will cool you down/warm you up. Id like .../T'll have ...
Anything else, please? Enjoy your meal!
Paying the bill
Can I have the bill, please? Heres your bill./Here you are.
How will you pay? Do you accept credit cards?

T'll pay in cash/through my mobile phone/by credit card.
Heres your change. Thank you for your coming. Goodbye.

UNIT 3 FOOD AND CULTURE

31

Using Language

Write about a healthy diet
@) 1 Read the passage and then match the subheadings with the paragraphs.

HEOLeHyY Eetrine

There is much debate nowadays as to what makes up a healthy diet. For example, scientists have
insisted for years that a big enemy of health is fatty food. However, there is increasing evidence
that the real driver of poor health is not so much fatty food, as it is sugar. Heart disease is the
number one killer of Americans. And in America, people who receive 25% of their daily calories
or more through sugar are twice as likely to die from heart disease than people who receive less
than 10% a day (Journal of the American Medical Association, 2014). This is true regardless of
how healthy the rest of their diet might be. Put more simply, while people continue to argue over
whether or not fatty food is dangerous, we already know that sugar is a killer.

Much of this extra sugar comes from sweets and sweet drinks. The average American gets 1/3
of his or her sugar through sweet drinks alone. The American Heart Association recommends
that we limit ourselves to less than 100-150 calories a day from sugar, which is less than what is
usually contained in one can of sweet drink or in a single candy bar. In other words, if you want
to be healthy, you have to cut down on desserts, and cut out sweet drinks altogether.

Beyond this, you can keep healthy by consuming different categories of fresh foods, especially
fruit and vegetables, which are full of vitamins and fibre, rather than processed foods. Processed
foods often contain less nutrition, and have higher quantities of sugar, salt, and fat than fresh
| ingredients. Besides this, it is also important to have some meat, beans, or dairy products in
| your diet, as they provide the necessary protein for strong bones and muscle growth. As with
everything in life, moderation is key. The ideal diet is a balanced one, without too much or too
little of any one thing.

Finally, a fundamental key to healthy eating is to eat slowly. It takes about twenty minutes from
the time you start eating for your brain to tell your body that you are full. What this means is that
people who chew too quickly end up eating too much food because they still feel hungry. Eating
slowly also allows your body to digest your food better, and will allow you to enjoy your food
more. In addition, studies show that consistent eating habits, for example, taking three meals a
day at the same time each day, are better for our health. It is also better to eat a modest amount of
food each time, rather than to eat a lot in one meal, and then a little in the next.

There is no one trick to healthy eating. Rather, healthy eating starts with having a healthy attitude
towards food. One question you can ask yourself is, “Do I eat to live, or live to eat?” If you are
using food mostly for nutrition, then you are on the right track with your diet. However, if food has
become the centre of your life, you might be on the road to bad health. It is up to you to decide how
you want to live, and to make the right decisions about your diet.

Paragraph 1 A Slow Eating is Good

Paragraph 2 B Reducing Sweets is Key

Paragraph 3 C The Real Killer is Sugar

Paragraph 4 D The Way You Look at Food is Most Important
Paragraph 5 E Keep It Fresh and Balanced

2 Study the language and structure.

1 What are the key details that support each point?

A The real driver of poor health is not so much fatty food, as it is sugar.
Detail(s):

B Much of this extra sugar comes from sweets and sweet drinks.
Detail(s):

C You can keep healthy by consuming different categories of fresh food ... rather than
processed foods.
Detail(s):
D A fundamental key to healthy eating is to eat slowly.
Detail(s):

2 Underline the linking words in the passage that introduce another way of saying what was
already mentioned in the previous sentence.

3 Circle the linking words in the passage which show that contrasting ideas are being introduced.

3 Use what you have learnt to write an essay about your own diet.

Write down everything you ate and drank over the last three days.

2 Compare what you have had over the last three days with the advice written in the article,
and any facts about diet and nutrition that you know to be true. Make two lists:
¢ A list of your good eating habits
¢ A list of your bad eating habits

3 If you have bad eating habits, make a list of things you can do to get rid of them.

4 Use your notes to write your essay. You can start like this:
Overall, | think | have healthy/unhealthy eating habits. As for the things that | am doing
right, ... Still, | should improve my eating habits by ...

4 Exchange your draft with a partner. Use this checklist to help you revise the draft.
Then take your draft back and revise it using your partner's comments.

ww Does the writer use details to support each point?
JY Does the writer use proper linking words to tie the essay together?
w Has the writer really thought about his or her diet carefully?

ww Does the writer use vivid words to add stress to his or her points?

5 Put up your essay in the classroom or read it to your class.

UNIT 3 FOOD AND CULTURE = 33

Assessing Your Progress

1 Choose the suitable words to complete the conversations.

minimum elegant fibre desserts recipe exceptional chef prior to

: Why do you eat so many bananas?
Because bananas offer an excellent source of and vitamins.

How do you manage to stay so slim and fit?
| have brought my consumption of sweets and down to the bare

How do you like your new cooking classes?

They’re ! The teacher used to be a famous in a big hotel.

What is Jessie busy with in the kitchen?

She is trying a new for pumpkin pie.

: Why did they refuse the dinner invitation?

: They had to refuse the dinner invitation because of an engagement made it.

: How did you find the restaurant you visited yesterday?
: It was beautiful and ! We've never been to such an attractive restaurant
before.

hh
D> D> D> D> DP DD

2 Read the conversations which take place in restaurants. Then complete them
using the correct forms of the words in brackets.
1 A: Could you tell that she ? (cry)
B: Sure. Her eyes were very red. Maybe she had just had a quarrel with her brother.
A: But | thought it was because she red curry. (eat)
B: Oh, maybe you're right.
A: | wish you me earlier. | know a buffet restaurant nearby which is really
nice. You could have taken your parents there. (tell)

B: What a pity! But | that they were coming for the weekend. They said they
wanted to surprise me. Anyway, it’s very nice of you to offer. (not inform)

Q REFLECTING

© What cuisine and/or culture in this unit impressed you most? Why?
@ What useful vocabulary or structures did you learn in this unit?
® Do you think “understanding cause and effect” was a useful strategy?

© Could you talk with your friends about foods, restaurants, and/or cultures after doing
this unit?

© What aspect of food and culture would you like to learn more about?

© Overall, | thought this unit was © interesting © practical CQ so-so O difficult.

UNIT 3 FOOD AND CULTURE
*Project: Design your own restaurant
In this project, you are going to make a plan for a new restaurant in your city.

1 Ingroups, discuss these questions.

e What kind of restaurant will it be, e.g., fine dining, casual family, or fast food?
e What kind of cuisine will you serve?

e Who will be your customers?

e How much will you charge?

e Where will the restaurant be located?

2 Divide the following tasks within your group:

e decide on the dishes to be served and the chef to be employed

e design the menu in both English and Chinese

e design the kitchen

e design the dining area and decorations

e give the restaurant a name and design advertising materials for it

e work as a manager to help everyone coordinate their ideas and activities

=

3 Now pull everything together to make a presentation to the class, where the
key aspects of the restaurant will be explained by the different members of
the group.

4 Asaclass, vote on the best restaurant.

UNIT 3 FOOD AND CULTURE = 35

* Video Time 名

What Are You Eating in Australia?

Australians love new and exotic food. Watch
this video to see a new cuisine that has
become popular with some diners there.

| BEFORE YOU WATCH

Complete the sentences with the words from the box.

challenging crawling onto flying out of proving starting to

1 There’s an unfamiliar cuisine menus.
2 it's the bravest of diners.
3 A twist of lime and a dash of salt has these crickets the kitchen.
4 Insects remain a hard sell, but bug by bug, that could be change.
5 The unique treat is popular at farmer’s markets and trendy eateries.
WHILE YOU WATCH
1 Choose the best words to complete the sentences.
1 Insects are in protein, cheaper, and sustainable than beef.
A lower, less B higher, more C equal, just as
2 More than people worldwide eat insects as a part of their diets.
A two billion B two million C a few billion
3 Insects are a common part of people's diets in parts of Asia, America, and Africa.
A North B Central C Latin
4 Bugs a regular feature on Aussie dinner tables.
A are not yet B are already C will soon be

2 Complete these quotes with the words you hear in the video.
1 Nowshad Alam Rasel, Chef: “... they're asking . Yeah, it’s very

2 Skye Blackburn, Entomologist: “... some of them will try edible and
some of them won't, but they’ll go away and talk about we

3 Guy McEwan: “So I’m going to go gob ... Yeah, |”
4 Danny Stagnitta: “Sometimes the packet, it looks like =

AFTER YOU WATCH
Discuss the following questions in groups.

1 Has anyone in your group ever eaten an insect? What was it like?

2 Would you ever eat an insect? Why or why not?

3 What is the strangest thing you have ever eaten? Why was it strange?
What makes a food strange?

36 UNIT3 FOOD AND CULTURE
ROS S 5

Travel far enough, you meet
yourself.

—David Mitchell

Look and discuss

In this unit, you will

1 read about a rail journey across Canada. 1 When and where was this photo taken?

2 hear and talk about journeys across vast 2 If you took a rail journey like this, what do
lands. you think you would see and experience?

3 write an email about a journey. 3 Have you ever taken a long rail journey?

4 learn about a journey through Jack London's What was it like? How might the rail
literature. journey in the photo be different or similar?

Reading and Thinkin

9

Learn about a rail journey across Canada

1 Before you read, discuss thes
questions with your partner.

1 What do you know about rail
journeys?

2 What do you think you will see if
you go on a rail journey across
Canada?

™@) 2 Read the article and underlin

SEEING THE TRUE
NORTH VIA RAIL:
eR AND THE

e 人 Use discourse markers to show relationships

Discourse markers are also known as “linking words”.
They are used to show relationships between ideas.
Relationships can range from adding something (e.g., also,
besides, additionally), to showing contrast (e.g., however, on
the other hand), to explaining a reason (e.g., because, since),
or to showing a result (e.g., therefore, as a result). Without
discourse markers, the connections between sentences
and paragraphs would be less obvious.

e the discourse markers.

Li Daiyu and her cousin Liu Qian went to Canada to visit
their cousins in Halifax on the Atlantic coast. Rather than
travel by commercial airline all the way, they decided to fly
to Vancouver and then take the train. For both of them, the
thought of crossing the whole country by rail was exciting.

Before starting out, they spent a couple of days in
Vancouver, seeing the sights. During their first day, as is
typical of Vancouver, it rained. Despite the weather, they
were able to take a boat ride out into the bay, and later
visit an island that had wonderful shops selling crafts and
antiques. The next day was clear and mild, and they were
pleased to see the beautiful mountains looking out over
the city. Later, they took a pleasant hike in a forest just a
short distance away.

The next morning, the two girls arose early to take the
train to Lake Louise, passing through the Canadian
Rockies. Seen from the train window, the mountains
and forests of Canada looked massive. When the train
arrived at the station, they took a taxi to Lake Louise,
where the blue water literally took their breath away

with its exceptional beauty. They spent the night, and then took a coach bound north through the
Canadian Rockies to Jasper. Looking at the beautiful scenery, they both agreed that it was the

most awesome journey they had ever

taken. In addition to seeing spectacular mountain peaks

and forests, one highlight of their trip was being able to see many different creatures, including
deer, mountain goats, and even a grizzly bear and an eagle.

From Jasper, they caught the train towards Toronto. One of the train’s first stops was in
Edmonton, the provincial capital of Alberta, the centre of Canada’s huge oil and gas drilling

industry. Edmonton is freezing cold in

winter, with daily temperatures averaging -10°C. Since it

can be too cold to go outdoors, Edmonton is home to many shopping malls. In fact, one of the
largest shopping malls in North America is in Edmonton.

38 UNIT 4 JOURNEY ACROSS A VAST LAND

From Edmonton, the train headed southeast across the great Canadian Prairie. At school, Daiyu
and Liu Qian had learnt that Canada’s population is only slightly over thirty-seven million. However,
they did not anticipate seeing such an open country, and were truly amazed. They went through
two wheat-growing provinces, where they saw a bunch of farms that covered a very large area.

After another day on the train, eventually they were back in an urban area, the city of Winnipeg.
From there, they travelled through the night, and woke up in Ontario—a land of forests and
lakes. The train thundered on, through the rolling hills. The bushes and maple trees outside
their windows were red, gold, and orange, and there was frost on the ground, confirming that
autumn had arrived in Canada. Night came again, and the train turned south towards Toronto.
When they woke up the next morning and pulled back the curtain, they could see the wide
stretch of Lake Huron—one of the four Great Lakes on Ontario’s southern border. It was not
until 9:30 a.m. that they finally reached the capital of Ontario, Toronto. All in all, their trip from
Vancouver to Toronto had taken a duration of four days.

3 Complete the table below with information from the article.

Place Information

often rains; a harbour; beautiful mountains looking out over the
city; a forest just a short distance away

the Canadian Rockies

centre of Canada’s huge oil and gas industry; cold in winter, with
daily temperatures averaging -10°C; home to one of the largest
shopping malls in North America

the Canadian Prairie

a land of forests, lakes, and rolling hills; four Great Lakes on its
southern border; capital is Toronto

4 Read the article again. Match each of these discourse markers with the
correct purpose.

1 however A_ to add something

2 since B to show contrast

3 > when C to explain a reason

4 in addition to D to show an end point in time

5 in fact E to show time

6 later F to emphasise

7 eventually G to describe the order of events

5 Discuss the questions in groups.

1 Would you be interested in taking the same trip as Li Daiyu and Liu Qian? Why or why not?
2 Howis arail journey different from other forms of travel, such as by plane or car?

UNIT 4 JOURNEY ACROSS AVASTLAND 39
Learning About Language

Build up your vocabulary

1 Complete the sentences using suitable nouns in their correct forms and
circle the words which collocate with them.

curtain antique breath bay creature
highlight airline beauty peak duration frost

After arising in the morning, the first thing he does is to draw the

He was impressed by her and charm.

The visitors were admiring the dating back to the 17th century.

We all remember the of the trio—visiting the Huangguoshu Waterfall.
Protect the which are unique to Australia and their natural habitats.
What did you fly?

It is one of the most difficult to climb in the Rocky Mountains.

The beauty of Qinghai Lake took the visitors’ away.

9 In freezing cold winter, windows are often covered with

10 We sailed into a beautiful in the southwest of Canada.

11 Judy enrolled in a programme of study that was eight months in , but she
completed it in only six months.

ONOahWND +

2 Complete Samuel's story with the correct phrases.
bound for commercial world amassive amount of money urban areas

1 In Canada, has been spent on preserving the forest, and the
country’s deforestation rate is among the world’s lowest.

2 A growing number of woodworkers have decided to move to the for
better jobs.

3 Aboard the plane Toronto, Samuel, a young woodworker, began
imagining a whole new life in the big city.

4 However, he also had some worries. Ideally, he wanted to make a living in the arts, but he also
knew well that it was somewhat a

3 Suppose you were talking to your friend Jane. Choose the suitable adjectives
to comment on the situations.

awesome mild pleasant

1 Jane: The welcome party at the University of Oxford helped many students to make new

friends.
You: They must have spent a(n) evening together.
2 Jane: We're surprised to find that it is warmer than usual this winter in London.
You: You're so lucky to have a(n) winter here.

3 Jane: We visited a famous tourist site in Scotland: the beautiful coastline and breathtaking
landscape of St Andrews.
You: How wonderful! You must have had a(n) experience.

40 UNIT 4 JOURNEY ACROSS A VAST LAND
Discover useful structures

1

Fill in each blank with the correct form of a verb from the box. Find the
difference between each pair of sentences, paying attention to the -ed and
-ing forms. Then translate the sentences into Chinese.

see frighten head amaze

1 The girls were to see such an open country.

The farms covered a very large area, which was
2 Going into the wilderness alone can be

Do you feel when going into the wilderness alone?

3 from the top of the mountain, the scenery was really fascinating.
the scenery from the top of the mountain, | was fascinated by the autumn
colours.
4 eastwards, you will pass the Canadian Rockies.

Finally, the company— by its new manager—started to make a profit.
Complete the sentences with the correct forms of the words in the box.
Then translate the sentences into Chinese, paying attention to the different
meanings of the -ea and -ing forms.

bore excite tire satisfy

1 We became when thinking about those beautiful locations in Finland. We
expected to experience a lot of things there.

2 We went to bed as soon as we arrived at the hotel because we were so . The
eight-hour train ride was quite .

3 | was not with the hotel. It was not as clean as | had expected. But we had a

meal at the hotel’s restaurant, so | felt a bit better later on.
4 It was raining hard the next day, so we just stayed in the hotel and watched TV. Sadly, the
TV programmes that day were really . As we had nothing else to do, we felt
pretty

Rewrite the sentences. Add information as necessary.
EXAMPLE

When people asked the man what the trip meant to him, he said it was “an experience of a

lifetime”. »

When asked what the trip meant to him, the man said it was “an experience of a lifetime”.

1 Butchart Gardens was transformed from a quarry. It has now become a famous destination
for travellers. >.

2 If you compare Quebec City with other cities in Canada, it seems more like a charming
European village. >.

3 They did not know where to start their sightseeing in Luoyang, so they went to the Tourist
Information Centre. >

4 When they heard that the Sea-to-Sky Highway was Canada’s most scenic drive, they made
West Vancouver their first destination. »

UNIT 4 JOURNEY ACROSS AVASTLAND 41

TT
Using Language

Talk about scenery and culture along a journey

1 Onthe train, Li Daiyu and Liu Qian start talking with a local passenger, a young
woman named Anna. Before you listen, look at the pictures below and guess what
they will be talking about.

( 2 Listen to the conversation and answer the following questions.

OO

What do people do when Lake Louise freezes

over in winter?

What does Anna say about Canadian summers?
How far is it from Edmonton to Winnipeg?

What kinds of things do people do in Winnipeg?
What other long rail journey have Li Daiyu and

Liu Qian taken?

Understand idioms

Idioms are often used in the English
language. The meanings of some idioms
can be guessed. However, many others
need to be studied and remembered.

() 3 Listen again. Match the following idioms and similes with their meanings.

1
2
3
4
5
6
7

words fail me

as hot as an oven

as flat as a pancake

as far as the eye can see
dead centre

kill time

you name it

42 UNIT 4 JOURNEY ACROSS A VAST LAND

o7m™mooOgD >

with no mountains or hills

all kinds of things

for a long distance

I’m surprised

spend time

very warm

the exact middle of something
4 Ingroups of three, continue the conversation about Canada and China based on
your own travel experiences or the information you heard or read in this unit. End
the conversation naturally.

EXAMPLE

Anna: | thought China would be very crowded, given its large population.

Daiyu: “Well contrary to what many people believe, there are a lot of vast and empty
spaces in China, actually.

Anna: That's great! There must be amazing scenery to see in China then!

Anna: Anyhow, the next station is my stop! Take care and enjoy the rest of your trip!
Daiyu: Thanks, Anna!

| Liu Qian: It was really great to meet you!

Anna: And it was nice talking to you!

Expressing surprise and curiosity

Oh, my goodness!/Good heavens!
You're kidding!

Are you kidding?

Are you serious?

It cant be true!

Talking about space and position

It's about ... kilometres northeast of ...

.. iS close to ...

in/on/to the north/south/west/east of ...

across the continent/lake

alongside the coast/river

go eastwards/westwards/northwards/
southwards

Oh no! Really?

What a surprise!

I think ifS fantastic!

Wow! How interesting/amazing!
What was it like?

Ending a conversation naturally

I have to run. Good talking to you.

I'll catch you later.

It was good/nice meeting you.

Im sure you want to relax a bit. I'll let you go.

Sorry, I can't talk longer. Im actually on my
way to ...

Well, I have to go. I'll talk to you later.

Write about a rail journey across Canada

m@) 1 Read the passage and answer the questions.

1 What did the girls see when they went up the CN Tower?
2 Why was it possible to get all kinds of good Chinese food in Toronto?
3 What did Jean-Philippe tell the girls about Montreal and the people there?

UNIT 4 JOURNEY ACROSS AVASTLAND = 43
44

Using Language

SEEING THE TRUE NORTH VIA RAIL:
TORONTO AND MONTREAL

After Li Daiyu and her cousin arrived in Toronto, the largest and wealthiest city in Canada, they only
had a few hours to kill before they had to proceed to the next leg of their trip to Montreal, so they
went on a tour of the city. They went up the CN Tower and looked across the shores of Lake Ontario.
Standing in the distance, they were astonished to see misty clouds rising from the great Niagara
Falls, which is on the south side of the lake. Water from the lake flows into the Niagara River and over
the falls on its way to the sea.

The girls saw hundreds of skyscrapers of glass and steel, and old-fashioned cars rolling by. As they
walked north from the harbour area, Li Daiyu said, “Lin Fei, one of my mother's old schoolmates, lives
here. | should phone her and see if she's available for dinner.”

They met Lin Fei around dusk over dinner at a restaurant in downtown Chinatown. The cousins
chatted with Lin Fei, who had moved to Canada many years earlier.

“This is the largest Chinatown in Toronto. We have a few more in the
Greater Toronto Area, so you can guess that there are a lot of Chinese
people in Canada! Chinese people have been coming here for more than
a hundred years. Therefore, we can get all kinds of great food here from all
over China,” Lin Fei told them.

The train left late that night and arrived in Montreal early the next morning.
At the station, in contrast to Toronto, they heard people talking in French.
They were surprised to see that all the signs and advertisements were in
French and many people spoke English with an accent.

“We don't leave until this evening,” said Liu Qian. “Let's go downtown. Old
Montreal is close to the water.”

They spent the afternoon in lovely shops and visiting artists in their
workplaces along St Paul Street. As they sat in a restaurant alongside the
broad St Lawrence River, a young man sat down with them.

“Hello, my name is Jean-Philippe. Im a photographer,” he said, “and | was wondering where you
are from.”

The girls told him they were from China and were on a train trip across Canada. When they told him
they had only one day in Montreal, he said, “That's too bad. You owe it to yourselves to stay longer.
Overall, Montreal is a city with wonderful sights and sounds. Most of us speak both English and
French, and the city has unique Quebec culture and traditions. There are fantastic restaurants and
clubs around, too. Here, we love good coffee, toast, and cheese. And good music, of course!”

UNIT 4 JOURNEY ACROSS A VAST LAND

That night the train was speeding along the St Lawrence River
towards the Gulf of St Lawrence and down to the distant east
Coast towards the province of Nova Scotia and its largest city,
Halifax. The cousins dreamt happily of the beautiful cobblestone
streets, old brick buildings, and the red maple leaves of Montreal.

2 Drawon the map a simple route of the girls’ trip across
Canada and make notes about what the girls did at each place.

3 Imagine that you are Li Daiyu. Using the map and your notes, write an email to your
parents telling them about your trip.

4 Exchange your draft with a partner. Use this checklist to help you assess your
partner's draft. Then take your draft back and revise it according to your partner's
comments.

Y Does the writer start the email with an appropriate greeting?

Y Is the email well-organised and coherent?

Y Does the writer make use of discourse markers to express different relationships
between ideas?

Y Are the descriptions of people and places interesting?

Y Does the writer end the email in a natural way?

5 Put up your email in the classroom or read it to your class.

UNIT 4 JOURNEY ACROSS AVASTLAND 45
46

Assessing Your Progress

1 Use the words in their correct forms in different contexts. Then work in pairs to
discuss their meaning and usage.

freeze

arise

astonish

proceed

1 Weset off at seven for Nunavut—a____——_land far from big cities.

全 2 cold in winter in Nunavut, since the average winter temperature
is 85 degrees below the point.

3 Seeing the huge creature, we stood with terror.

1 Were there any other matters from the meeting yesterday?

2 Should the opportunity , I'd love to go to Canada.

3 Some confusion has with the application of the new software.

1 Linda was at her sister’s courage.

2 Henry was eating his food with speed.

3 “Are you really leaving?” asked Sam in

1 Grandpa stared at the mountaineering boots and to tell me his
stories of mountain climbing forty years ago.

2 After returning to the base camp for a rest, they decided to to the

next objective: Mount Robson.

2 Learn about the novel Anne of Green Gables by L.M. Montgomery by completing
the conversation with the correct forms of the words in brackets.

Mr Clark:

Nancy:

Mr Clark:
Sue:

Mr Clark:

lorning, everyone! Did you finish reading the novel over the weekend? Did you note

down anything that impressed you? Nancy, would you like to say something?

Yes, Mr Clark. I’m halfway through the story. | think Matthew and Marilla are very
(interest) characters. They are quiet, a bit timid, and kind-hearted. Here

wrote down two sentences: “Matthew, (dress up) with a white collar

and driving in a buggy, was something that didn’t happen often.” | also like the vivid

description of Marilas hair, and | paraphrased it a bit: “ (twist up) in a hard

ittle Knot behind with two hairpins (stick) aggressively through it, Marilas

hair showed some gray streaks ...”

That’s marvellous! Thank you, Nancy. How about you, Sue?

Well, after (read) the first four chapters, | like Anne very much. I’m

curious why she’s so talkative ... | wrote down a few words about her

(wait) for Matthew at the train station. | rewrote it a little: “ (wear) an old

brown sailor hat, Anne waited at the station anxiously, (worry) nobody

would ever come for her at all.”

Well done, Sue. Thank you. Next, ...

What did you learn about the journey across Canada?

© What else do you want to learn about journeys across vast lands?

What was the most interesting thing that you learnt in this unit?

© What problem did you have in learning this unit?

Overall, | thought this unit was ©) interesting © useful © so-so ©) difficult.

UNIT 4 JOURNEY ACROSS A VAST LAND
*Project: Prepare for a journey across a vast land

It is said that a person who travels far knows more. Therefore, you and your friends want to
plan a summer holiday journey across some vast land in order to learn more about the history,
culture, and traditions about the country and the world.

1

In groups, discuss these questions.
° What vast land would you like to travel across?
° How can you make such a trip?

se byrail 。 on foot

® by air

© by boat

s Which kind of transport would you like to use? Why?

In groups, assign people to research the following:

* ona bicycle

© other?

one or more possible routes across the vast land, and the places you could visit
how much time the journey will take

what history, culture, customs, traditions, etc. you would like to learn about along the way

。 the supplies and equipment you will need for the trip

fun activities that you could do on the way, such as mountain climbing, parasailing, or

learning about some ethnic food
。 the difficulties and challenges you may come across and how you could overcome them
e how you can record your trip so you can share your adventure with others

EXPLORING SOUTH
AMERICA BY BIKE

Come with us on an amazing
eight-month bicycle journey
across South America, sleeping
under the stars and using the
sun as our guide!

e Countries: Colombia, Peru,
Bolivia, Chile, and Argentina

e Start: Cordoba, Colombia

e End: Tierra del Fuego,
Argentina

* Distance: almost 10,000
kilometres

° Highlights: jungles, deserts,
high mountain ranges, wide
open plains, and the most
wonderful people in the world

° What you need: a strong
bike, a good backpack, lots
of energy, and a spirit of
adventure

Some useful tips for
a long-distance cycling trip

Choose a route that has
little or no traffic.

Wear cycling clothes

that are suitable for the
weather.

Always wear your bicycle
helmet.

Prepare enough food and
water for meals and quick
snacks.

Ensure you have a basic
repair and maintenance kit.
Wear bright clothing so that
cars can see you.

Never ride at night.

Now give a presentation to the class, where the key aspects of your adventure
will be explained by the members of the group responsible for each part.

The class should then vote on the most interesting and exciting idea.

UNIT 4 JOURNEY ACROSS A VAST LAND

47

Exploring Quebec

In this video, filmmakers Andy Maser and
Tahria Sheather stop by Quebec during their
trip across the vast country of Canada.

BEFORE YOU WATCH
1 Discuss these questions with your partner.

1 Would you like to stop for an in-depth tour of a place during your journey across a vast
land? Why or why not?
2 If yes, what kind of place would you choose to tour?

2 Choose the right description for each photo from the video.

___theculinaryscene _QuebecCity _StLawrenceRiver wilderness

WHILE YOU WATCH

1 Answer the following questions using the information from the video.

1 What activities do you see in the video?

having a barbecue building a fire climbing camping
eating and drinking going to the beach bike riding hiking
listening to music paddleboarding playing tennis water skiing

2 What does Quebec City “bring to mind”?

2 Complete these quotes with the words you hear in the video.

1 This city is old, , actually.

2 After the long, cold winters, summer is .

3 Even in this old city, we were down to try something new ... Maybe not
4 We ate some strange things, but it was

AFTER
Discuss the following questions in groups.

1 If you were taking a journey across Canada, would you stop to explore Quebec? Why or why not?
2 Are there any places in China like Quebec? In what way are they similar? How are they different?

48 UNIT 4 JOURNEY ACROSS A VAST LAND
In this unit, you will

1 read about the first aid for burns anda
story about an emergency situation.

2 listen to an emergency call and make a
similar call for help.

3 write a story about first aid.

4 learn about how the Red Cross was
founded and what it does.

It’s a great honour to
< NG a life.
Leigh Bardugo

Look and discuss

1 What are the students learning in the
photo?

2 Have you seen this technique used before?
Do you know how to do it?

3 Do you think it’s important for the students
to learn this? Why?

Reading and Thinking

Learn about first aid for burns

1 Before you read, discuss these questions in groups.

1 What first-aid techniques do you know of?
2 上 someone you know suffered a burn, what would you do?

™@) 2 Look through the text and identify its
style and language features. Then tick Understand text types

its text type from the list below. Different kinds of texts can be identified by their style

of writing and language features. By understanding

i the text type of a piece of writing, you can better

abyerisqment blog: Sake understand its purpose. You can also better understand

___ hospital leaflet ___ email where to find information in the text, and what kind of
newspaper article short story information it is likely to contain.

FIRST AID FOR BURNS

The skin is an essential part of your body and is its largest organ. Your skin
acts as a barrier against disease, toxins, and the sun's rays. It also helps
control your body temperature, prevents your body from losing too much
water, warns you when things are too hot or cold, and gives you your
sense of touch. As you can imagine, getting burnt can lead to very serious
injuries. The first and most important step in the treatment of burns is giving
first aid.

CAUSES OF BURNS

You can get burnt by a variety of things: hot liquids, steam, fire, radiation,
the sun, electricity, acids, or other chemicals.

TYPES OF BURNS
Burns are divided into three types, depending on the depth of skin damage.

e First-degree burns These affect only the top few millimetres of the skin. These burns are not serious.
Examples include mild sunburn and burns caused by other minor household incidents.

e Second-degree burns These go below the top layer of the skin. They are serious and take a few
weeks to get better. Examples include burns caused by hot liquids.

e Third-degree burns These affect every layer of the skin, and sometimes the tissue under it. Examples
include burns caused by electric shocks, burning clothes, or petrol fires. These burns cause very
severe internal injuries and the victim must go to the hospital at once.

CHARACTERISTICS OF BURNS

First-degree burns Third-degree burns
+ dry, red, and mildly swollen + black and white

+ mildly painful * swollen; the tissue underneath can often be
+ turn white when pressed seen

Second-degree burns : little or no pain if nerves are damaged; may
+ red and swollen; blisters; watery surface be painful around the edges of the burn
" extremely painful

50 UNIT5 FIRST AID
FIRST-AID TREATMENT

1

Place burns under cool running water, especially within the first
ten minutes. The cool water stops the burning process and
reduces the pain and swelling.

Dry the burnt area gently with a clean cloth.

Remove any clothes using scissors if necessary, unless you see
the fabric sticking to the burnt skin.

Cover the burnt area with a loose clean cloth. Applying oil to
the injured areas is a bad idea, as it will keep the heat in the
wounds and may cause infection.

lf burns are on the face, make sure the victim can still breathe.
If the victim is suffering from second or third-degree burns,
there is an urgent need to take him/her to the hospital at once.

Read again and decide if the following statements are true (T) or false (F).

bond

Your skin gives you protection from many dangerous things.

A first-degree burn has this name because it is the most serious
Second-degree burns can be the most painful kind of burn.

It is important to use cool water to stop the heat from remaining
wound regardless of the degree of the burn.

Putting butter or oil on burns helps because it may reduce swell
ease discomfort.

tT) 国 L
TT) FO

mT) FO
in the

TU] FC)
ing and

tT) FU

4 Complete the table to summarise the information about first aid for burns.

5

Types
Details
First-degree burns Second-degree burns Third-degree burns
of the of the of the
skin skin skin and sometimes
Depth
underneath
dry, red, and mildly red and swollen; black and white; swollen;
; mildly i can often
Characteristics ; turn be seen; little or no pain if
when surface; extremely are
pressed damaged
place under within the first ten minutes —>
the burnt area —> clothes —> the burn —>
Treatment

burn on the face: make sure the victim can
third-degree burn: take the victim to

In groups, discuss the following questions.

How are people most likely to get burnt?

What steps can be taken to help prevent these burns?
What other advice do you know of about first aid for burns?
ls it good advice or bad advice? Why?

—» second or

UNIT5 FIRSTAID 51

52

Learning About Language

Build up your vocabulary

1

Write a word you have learnt in this unit before each definition.

1
2
3
4
5
6

a part of the body that has a particular purpose, such as the heart or the brain
a chemical, usually a liquid, that has a pH of less than seven

one thousandth of a metre

energy sent out in waves

material used for making cloth, curtains, etc.

a person who has been attacked, injured, or killed

Choose the right word(s) from A-C to complete each short conversation.

1

A:
B:

The price for this car? Fifteen thousand dollars out the door! What a deal!
Well, if the car hadn’t been in an accident, that would be a good price, but it has a
few problems.

A slight B minor C tiny

Ouch! My leg really hurts!

Why don’t you take some medicine to the pain?
A reduce B relax C ease

Have you treated any real emergencies in your first-aid course at the Red Cross?
Well, they let us ride along with some paramedics. Once, we gave first aid to

a of a traffic accident before rushing him to the hospital.
A victim B patient C sufferer

Did you hear that three people died in a fire last night?

What a terrible ! How did it happen?

A accident —B incident C occasion

Can | see you for a moment?

Is it a matter of 2

A urgency B emergency C seriousness

Read the passage about chemical burns and fill in the blanks with the correct
forms of the words in the box.

incident loose urgent organ acid victim

A chemical burn occurs when your skin or eyes come into contact with an

or other chemicals. Such

can be very dangerous and require

attention. Chemical burns can even affect your internal if the chemicals
are swallowed. First aid should be given to chemical burns immediately. For example,

wrap the burnt area
the

with a clean cloth if possible. It is important to send
to the hospital right away if he or she is severely burnt.

Discover useful structures

1 What is the function of the -ing form in each sentence below? Can you
express the same ideas without using the -ing form?

As you can imagine, getting burnt can lead to very serious injuries.

The first and most important step in the treatment of burns is giving first aid.

It is best to place burns under cool running water, especially within the first ten minutes.
Remove any clothes using scissors if necessary, unless you see the fabric sticking to the
burnt skin.

5 You can protect the burnt area by covering it with a loose clean cloth.

BOND +

2 Replace each underlined part with a suitable -ing form and rewrite the
sentence as necessary. Work with a partner and summarise the different
structures of the -ing form. When is each one used?

1 When he got out of the bathtub, he slipped and fell on the floor.
2 ls there any reason why we are not going to have the first-aid training this week?

3 She had been told about the risk of electric shocks and this made her very careful while
using hairdryers.

4 Because the child was not watched carefully by his parents, he touched a hot iron and
burnt his finger.

5 After she had been bitten by mosquitoes, she applied some medicine to her skin.

3 Complete the passage with the correct forms of the given words. What
happened to Mrs Taylor?

Mrs Taylor was an elderly woman (live) alone. One day, she was in her living room
cleaning the windows, when suddenly she could no longer feel the right side of her body.

(try) to walk to her sofa to sit down, she fell over onto the carpet. Then she realised that she could not
get up, and that she was having trouble (breathe). Fortunately, she had her mobile phone
with her, and she was able to reach it with her left hand while (lie) on the floor. Her mobile
phone (already, set up) to call an emergency number at the push of a button, so it was
easy to call for help. While attempting to talk to the operator, Mrs Taylor discovered that she could
not speak. (not, hear) an answer, the operator knew that Mrs Taylor must be in trouble.
Telling Mrs Taylor that everything would be OK, she immediately sent an ambulance. After

(arrive), the ambulance team quickly found Mrs Taylor and without delay gave her oxygen, put in an
IV needle, and checked her vital signs. (take) to the hospital and treated immediately, Mrs

Taylor's health was in no great danger, though she had to stay in the hospital ward. After a week,
her (frighten) experience was over, and she was allowed to go home.

4 Work in pairs and discuss the following questions.

1 What should people do when facing a frightening experience like Mrs Taylor's?
2 What are some risks that elderly people may encounter when living alone?
3 What can we do to help prevent elderly people from taking unnecessary risks?

UNIT5 FIRSTAID = 53

Using Language

Learn to call emergency services

1 Ingroups, try to match the countries with the emergency numbers.

Australia 119
china He
Japan ie

| Most European countries 111
New Zealand 000
South Korea 911
the UK 999
the US

2 Match the pictures below to the medical emergencies, and then discuss the
questions in groups.

| heart attack drowning sprained ankle

poisoning bad cut/bleeding

1 Have you ever called 120? If so, what happened?

2 Would you call 120 for the medical emergencies above? How would you describe the
situations?

3 What are some other medical emergencies that you would call 120 for?

4) 3 Listen to a 999 callin England and answer the questions.

Why did the boy call 999?

Who else was in the room with the boy and his grandfather?

How did the boy describe the old man’s condition?

Among the medical emergencies in Activity 2, which do you think the boy’s grandfather
suffered from?

fon

54 UNIT 5 FIRST AID
©) 4 Listen again. Number the following instructions 10)
the operator gave. Follow instructions
Press down, twice a second When giving commands, people
有 ， oo usually use the imperative. It’s
Check to see if there is food in his mouth. simple and clear. To help the
If your mother needs a break, change places. listeners follow what to do next,

they use words such as first,

Put him on his back. next, then, after that,and finally.

Remove any pillows. When listening to instructions in
| ， English, you should
Tell your mum to put her hand in the middle of SS
his chest. panic.
。 follow the order of the
5 In groups, discuss the following questions. Paget Oe

* answer any questions simply
1 How did the operator keep the boy calm? So eae ace
2 What did the operator do to make this call a success?

3 What do you think happened after the ambulance arrived?

6 The pictures below show what to do to rescue someone from drowning. In groups,
discuss what is going on in each picture. Use the words given below.

Giving first-aid instructions for rescuing a drowning victim

lay the victim on his back check for response

check to see if he is breathing shout for help; call 120

lean his head back lift his chin

remove any grass or sand from his mouth perform CPR

perform mouth-to-mouth rescue breathing cover his mouth

blow air in push down on the centre of his chest

7 In pairs, role-play an emergency call. One of you will be the friend of a drowning
victim, and the other will be a telephone operator giving first-aid instructions.
Use the pictures and useful expressions above to help you.

UNIT5 FIRSTAID = 55

Using Language

Share your story about providing first aid

4) 1 Read the article and then put A-E in the correct places in the text.

Chen Wei, a high school student in Beijing, had his dinner
interrupted when he heard someone screaming from another
table. A fellow diner at the restaurant, Zhang Tao, was choking
on some steak. He was now holding his throat with his face
turning red, while his desperate friends were slapping him on the
back.

. He got up and ran
to Zhang’s table at once. With the help of Zhang's friends, he was
able to help Zhang to his feet. Then, standing behind Zhang, Chen
did the Heimlich manoeuvre. The food was instantly forced out, and
Silla Compeereneot a Zhang began to breathe again. Ten minutes later, an ambulance

arrived. The doctors checked Zhang and made sure that he was fine.
They suggested he eat more slowly and take smaller bites before
they left.

, leaving no time
for an ambulance to arrive. To solve this problem, in 1974, an
American doctor, Henry Heimlich, created the Heimlich manoeuvre,
saving thousands of lives around the world. Doing the Heimlich
manoeuvre is quick, practical, and easy. It is so easy, in fact, that
almost anyone can learn how.

. Then, make sure
that the victim is really choking: A choking person cannot speak.
Slapping the victim’s back will often force out the obstruction. If this
does not work, you can perform the Heimlich manoeuvre by standing
behind him and wrapping your arms around his waist. Make a fist
with one hand and place it in the upper part of his stomach. Grabbing
your fist with your other hand tightly, push up and into his stomach in
one motion. Continue doing this until the obstruction is forced out.

Chen Wei performing the
Heimlich manoeuvre

, as you may hurt
him. Instead, lay the child face down on your lap with the head
lower than the rest of his body, and then give firm slaps to his
upper back until he can breathe again.

Performing the Heimlich 3
manoeuvre on a small child . You cannot just

stand by and do nothing. Luckily, Chen had learnt how to give first
aid in school. Seeing Zhang choking, he remained calm and reacted immediately. Chen later said about
the incident, “How could | justify sitting there and doing nothing? We are all humans and we all have a
responsibility to look after one another’s welfare.”

56 UNIT 5 FIRST AID
A Choking victims usually have only about four minutes before they collapse and
sometimes die

If you see someone choking, first call the emergency services

Chen wasted no time

With choking victims, every minute counts

Doing the Heimlich manoeuvre on a small child is not recommended

mm 口 O 四

2 Read the article again and choose the correct words to complete the sentences.

Chen Wei was a friend/complete stranger to Zhang Tao.

When Chen Wei reached Zhang Tao, Zhang Tao was sitting on the chair/standing.

The Heimlich manoeuvre is quite easy/difficult to do.

You will know that the victim is choking if he cannot speak/stops breathing.

To help a small child who is choking, you need to lay the child face up/down on your lap
and slap his upper back.

6 Chen Wei was able to save Zhang Tao because he learnt the Heimlich manoeuvre

at school/from a first-aid manual.

akhwnrd 一

3 Reread the article, and then answer the questions below.

1 Agr; 人 Write a narrative essal

e Who were the people involved? . :

9 narrative essay tells a story. Like all

° What happened . good stories, it has three parts: the set-up,

e Where did it happen? the conflict, and the conclusion. The set-
2 Part 2: What did Chen Wei do? up tells you about who, what, and where.

. 2 The conflict always involves a challenge

3 Part 3: How does the story end? or difficulty that the characters face. The
4 What purpose does the quote at the conclusion is the end of the story, where

end of the essay serve? the problem in Part 2 has been solved.

4 Use what you have learnt to write a narrative essay that shares a story about
providing first aid.

1 Work in pairs. Discuss your experiences of giving first aid in an emergency. If neither of you

have any experiences, discuss stories you have read or heard about, or think up a situation.
2 Write an outline of the three parts in your story. Then think of a good quote to sum things up.
3 Write your narrative essay.

5 Exchange your draft with your partner. Use this checklist to help you revise the
draft. Then take back your draft and revise it using your partner’s comments.

w |s the narrative essay clear?

Y Does it have three parts?

Y Does the first part tell you about who, what, and where?
Y Does the second part show a conflict?

w Does the third part give the conclusion?

Yv ls there a good quote to sum things up?

Y Are the details of the story easy to understand?

6 Put up your narrative essay in the classroom or read it to your class.

UNIT5 FIRSTAID = 57
Assessing Your Progress

1 Circle the correct word in each sentence.

1 The cloth/fabric of this bag is soft and light. What is it made of?

2 The Red Cross is looking for volunteers who are concerned about the welfare/happiness of
their fellow men.

3 When Lisa noticed the fire, she rushed to grab/grasp the fire extinguisher outside the door
of the flat.

4 These trousers are too loose/lose—|’m having trouble keeping them up.

After the theft, the police were called to investigate the accident/incident.

| heard desperate/serious cries for help when | walked past that old building. | reacted

quickly by rushing into the building.

7 John’s alarm didn’t go off, so he slept in and was awoken by the radiations/rays of sunlight
coming in through his window.

8 We should always do what we can to take care of the elderly/old and any others who might
be in need.

oun

2 Complete the passage with the correct forms of the verbs in the box. Why did the
accident occur? How should we try to avoid accidents in life?

get return ride sit slow throw’ try turn walk want

for long hours every day in an office for several years, Nancy Jones felt that she was
getting out of shape and decided that she needed to get some exercise. So, instead of going to

and from work every day by bus, she started riding a bike because was an enjoyable
activity for her. One night she had to work till late and it was foggy outside when she left the
office. Her bike did not have a light, so home by bike would be dangerous.

(not) to risk having her bike stolen, however, she decided to ride it home anyway. The first few
kilometres had plenty of street lights, but onto a side road in the suburbs she found
herself in the dark. down, she tried to see in front of her, but it was impossible. Then
without warning, her bike hit a rock, her to the ground. to get up, she

discovered that her ankle was broken. Unable to stand or walk, she found herself in alarming
pain. Fortunately, she was able to call an ambulance with her mobile phone, and they took her to
a hospital. However, it was several months before her ankle recovered and she found

easy again. a gym membership near her office, Nancy decided that there were other
ways of keeping fit.

® What did you learn about first aid that you didn't know before?

加 What do you think we should be like if we want to work as a first-aid doctor or
volunteer? 二

@ What could we do to warn people of various dangers and to prepare them for
different emergencies?

@ Has the unit encouraged you in any way to want to look after the welfare of others?
® Overall, | thought this unit was © interesting © useful © so-so © difficult.

58 UNIT5 FIRST AID
*Project 1: Learn and teach others about first aid

1 Ingroups, choose one of the medical emergencies in the photos below.

heart
attack

2 Research how to perform first aid for that medical emergency.

3 Make an instruction leaflet for giving first aid for that emergency. Include
illustrations for any points that are not clear.

4 Combine all the leaflets to make a first-aid manual for your class.

*Project 2: Make your own first-aid kit

1 Witha partner, research what should be included in a
first-aid kit, how the items in the first-aid kit should be
used, and in which emergencies they should be used.

2 Collect the items and put them in a box or container that
is easy to store and find. In most cases, the items for a
first-aid kit can be bought cheaply at a pharmacy.

3 Draw up an information sheet to go in the first-aid kit. It should include emergency
phone numbers, a list of the items, and an explanation of how to use the items.
Use the table below to help you.

Emergency phone numbers
Items When to use How to use
1
2

3

4 Present your first-aid kit to the class. Introduce and explain the use of each item.

UNIT5 FIRSTAID 59

* Video Time #

Para-Life Rescue

The paramotor was originally invented for
sports and leisure, but these days it is saving
lives. In this video, Ruy Marra tells about his
rescue experience using a paramotor and his
beach safety business.

BEFORE YOU WATCH

Complete the sentences with the correct words.

A paramotor A life preserver Copacabana Beach Ruy Marra

____is a type of aircraft with a lightweight engine and a large propeller strapped to the pilot.
____is in Brazil.

___ is aman who started the Para-Life rescue service business in 1995.

____ is something that can be worn in the water to prevent you from sinking.

人 有 一

WHILE YOU WATCH

1 Decide if the following statements are true (T) or false [F).

4
]

1 Marra has a staff of twenty people working for him. T FL}
2 Marras company has saved the lives of more than eighty people. TT) «FL
3 Marra did not need government approval to set up his company. TL) «FU
4 Marra communicates with the paramotor pilots through two-way radios. Tl] EC
5 Arip current is a dangerous flow of water that moves away fromthe beach. Ti | ED

2 Number the following steps in the correct order.

___ The pilot calls the lifeguards.

____ The pilot manoeuvres close enough to drop the life preserver to the swimmer.
____ The pilot sees a victim.

____ Para-Life pilots strap themselves into the paramotor.

____ The pilot then continues to fly above the victim until the lifeguards arrive.

____ The pilot flies against the wind to reduce flight speed.

AFTER YOU WATCH

Discuss the following questions in groups.

1 What are some advantages of paramotors over traditional forms of water rescue? What are
some disadvantages?

2 Asa business, how might the Para-Life rescue service make money? Is it right to charge
victims for rescue? If so, how much should they be charged? What if they cannot pay?

3 What other interesting or new kinds of rescue are there? How do they work?

60 UNIT5 FIRST AID
I

WORKBOOK

UNIT1
Using Words and Expressions

1 Complete the crossword puzzle
according to the clues given.

to have a natural ability to do sth well

to deal with

hard or firm

a person who helps sb else in his/her job
to think that sb is responsible for sth bad

to become less in number or amount

ON OA FP WD 一

a weapon that travels through the air and
explodes when it reaches its target

9 not mixed with anything

10 to change the form of sth

to throw sb/sth somewhere with force 3

SCIENCE AND SCIENTISTS

e leadership e talent
@ imagination e devotion
e determination © creativity

e logical reasoning
@ research methods

inspiration
e statistical ability

Complete the passage with the
correct forms of the words below.

initial outstanding gifted
astronomer telescope
shift subscribe prove link

Edwin Powell Hubble, born in 1889 in
Marshfield, Missouri, spent his early years in
the state of Kentucky. Afterwards, he moved
with his family to Chicago and attended

the University of Chicago, where he studied
mathematics and astronomy and soon
proved to be in these subjects.
At the Mount Wilson Observatory, Hubble
studied objects within our own galaxy using
a with a mirror of one hundred
and fifty-two centimetres in diameter. His
discovery was the finding of a

2 What do you think a great scientist
needs most? Rank the following in
order of importance and compare
your list with your partner's.

e theoretical background
© professional knowledge

Cepheid variable star ( 造 父 变星 ) in the outer
area ofanebula( 2%). He that
nebulae were galaxies themselves, and thus,
astronomers now to the view
that distant galaxies do exist. He then made
more observations of forty-six galaxies that
were travelling away from Earth with speeds
that were directly to the galaxies’
distance from Earth. Hubble discovered the
scientific rule—now called “Hubble’s Law 一
that the farther away a galaxy is, the greater
its speed. As one of the most important

he devoted himself to galaxies,
which led to many
in the fields of extragalactic astronomy and
observational cosmology. Hubble's efforts led
toa(n) in the understanding of
how our universe works and develops.

discoveries

61
Eee NIRS 2 OSS! ee cee wamnemmstss
—— WORKBOOK - 和 = 一 一

Using Structures

1 Complete the following ideas by B: Sure, they are. What I want to know
famous scientists with a word though is
or expression that introduces a
predicative clause.

62

as though because __ that

what whoever “why
Research is I'm doing when
I don't know what I'm doing.

(Werner von Braun)

The saddest aspect of life right now is
science gathers knowledge

faster than society gathers wisdom.

(Isaac Asimov)

An expert can be has made

all the mistakes that can be made in a very

narrow field.

(Niels Bohr)

.. when different experiments give you
the same result, it is no longer subject to
your opinion. That's the good thing about
science: It's true whether or not you believe
in it. That's it works.

(Neil deGrasse Tyson)
This applied science, which saves work and
makes life easier, brings us little happiness.

That is we have not yet
learnt to make sensible use of it!

(Albert Einstein)

‘There are only two ways to live your life. One
is nothing is a miracle.
The other is everything is
a miracle.

(Albert Einstein)

Complete the conversations using
noun clauses as the predicative.

1 A: Papermaking, printing, gunpowder,

and the compass are the four great
inventions of ancient China. They are
significant contributions of the Chinese
nation to the world.

: The ancient Chinese were the first to

invent paper and printing. Then they
went on to invent books and had
opened bookshops in many cities.

: What I’m curious about is

: The compass is a special invention of

ancient China, dating back to as early as
the Warring States Period.

: Yes. It seems

: Gunpowder was originally used for

making fireworks.

: But what surprises me is

: After the discovery of medicine,

acupuncture was invented in China.
Acupuncture is a treatment which
doesn’t involve any drugs. Very thin
needles are put in certain parts of a
person's body.

: Really? What puzzles me is

: High-speed trains, mobile payments,

the bike-sharing system, and online
shopping are considered by some as the
new ‘four inventions” of China.

: Is that so? I feel/It seems

() 2 Listen to two news reports and check your answers to the questions in Activity 1.

a — = 一 = UNIT1 SCIENCE AND SCIENTISTS

Listening and Speaking

1 Discuss what you know about the following two topics.
e Chinas Jiaolong submarine ¢ Chinas quantum computing machine

1 Why are these two achievements important?
2 When did these achievements occur? What records were set?

(>) 3 Listen again and complete the news articles according to what you hear.

China Sets Record with Deep-Sea Dive

~~ === 27 June 2012 China became the to send a
manned submarine into the deep sea when its ship, the Jiaolong,
reached a depth of in the Pacific Ocean’s
Mariana Trench. Three men, , Liu Kaizhou,
and Yang Bo, took part in this mission. They
spent on the ocean floor. While there, they

and conducted research. Only two other
submarines have succeeded in diving deeper into the ocean. In the future, this
submarine will be used for a of the Pacific, Atlantic, and Indian Oceans.

China Creates World’s First Quantum Computing Machine

3 May 2017 Chinese researchers and his
colleagues announced that they had created the world’s first
quantum computing machine. Regular computers, at their most
basic level, process data as a series of , which
limits how fast they can run. The new machine, however, uses
photons (光子 ) which allows it to 24,000
times quicker. The researchers have not been able to
create a quantum computer yet. Pan believes that this may take another

4 In groups, make a short summary of each news story. Use the questions below

to help you.

1 What information must you include in each summary?
2 What information can you leave out?
3 How can you explain difficult ideas in a simple way so that others can understand?

5 Brainstorm other important scientific or technological achievements that
China has made recently.

6 In pairs, practise summarising one or two of these achievements. Imagine
that you are telling readers from other countries about them.

63
WORKBOOK

Reading and Writing

™@) 1 Read the passage and choose the correct answer to complete the statement.

Al AND HUMAN BEINGS

Is it possible to make machines think like humans? This is one
question in research in the field of Artificial Intelligence, or “Al”.
To think like a human, it involves feelings, morality, hopes, and
dreams. Humans are capable of making decisions by themselves
without input from others, and they can learn from experience.
In addition, humans are able to create things from their own
inspiration for their own pleasure. The question is whether
machines can ever really think in all these aspects.

The idea of a computer that is all-powerful and can think and
make decisions for itself terrifies many people. In some films, Al
even decides that all humans must be killed. Many people are also
concerned that Al will be used to replace humans.

Yet others are comforted by the thought
of Al. Maybe with Al, robots can be
made to replace loved ones who have
died. Today, the creation of an all-

powerful computer capable of human thought is still in progress.
We have companion robots, and it is likely that they will grow
more important in our lives as time goes by. However, the need
for such robots does not seem to be as critical as our need for
intelligent machines that can solve problems by learning from their
observations and experience.

For example, Al is already being used with great success in
Internet search engines and as a personal assistant in our
smartphones. It learns from our habits to help us find what we
want and like. Al is also used to diagnose problems and suggest

solutions. Researchers are also experimenting with the use of Al in driverless cars which
can sense their surroundings and decide on the best way to reach a destination. It is also
being used in education, particularly in online courses. Furthermore, industries that use
robots for repetitive or dangerous work often turn to Al to manage these electronic workers.
In addition, virtual assistants are also being used in some homes today. In the near future, it
is likely that Al will be used to manage smart homes and handle an even greater variety of
tasks such as setting out favourite clothes and helping us with our personal grooming.

The Al of today has already proven its superiority to humans in many areas. Do you think
that we can create a robot that thinks like a human or one that is even more intelligent? If
So, is there truly a difference between Al and a human?

Sis BAR aa Se NERO Seti ne Snes
~ 本 = UNIT1 SCIENCE AND SCIENTISTS ”一 一 一

According to the author, we Al machines that think like humans in every way.
A know that we can make B don’t know if we can make
C have already made D will never make

2 Answer the following questions using the information from the passage.

1 Which of the following attributes of human thought does Al have now?
creativity problem-solving ability feelings hopes
learning independent thinking CJ morality 口 dreams

2 Why are many people concerned about Al? What do some people hope Al will be able to
do in the future?

3 Discuss the questions in groups.

1 What do you think Al will be able to do in the future?
2 What possible benefits or problems will Al bring us?

4 Write about how science and technology has influenced your daily Life.

1 In groups, talk about your average day from morning until night. Fill in the table below with
your notes.

What technology do you use every day?

What technology affects you in your daily life,
either in a good way or bad way?

Which of this technology is old [e.g., the
microwave oven], and which is new [e.g., the
smartphone)?

What would your daily life be like without this

technology? -

2 Choose one kind of technology from your discussion and use your notes to write an essay
about its impact on your daily life. You can start your essay like this:

Every day, | use all kinds of technology. | begin my day by using ...

65
— WORKBOOK 一 一 —— se ——_ - 一 一 一 一

*Expanding Your World

Everyone is quiet as they enter the narrow room. The crowd ignores the many beautiful paintings
on the walls and pushes to the room’s far end. There, they gaze at a single small painting of a
smiling woman. So many people have crowded in to have a look at the painting that most can only
get a quick look at it. Then they are forced to move on.

This painting is the Mona Lisa created in the early 16th century by the Italian painter Leonardo
da Vinci. It was kept away from the public until 1797, when it was put on display at the Louvre
Museum in Paris. Art critics only first began to notice the painting in the 1850s. Then, in 1911,
the painting was stolen. By the time the painting was finally recovered in 1914, it had become an
international sensation. Many agreed that it was one of the greatest paintings ever made, by one of
the world’s greatest painters.

Even as a young boy, da Vinci showed promise as an artist. When he was fourteen years old,
he was sent to learn art in Florence, Italy. He trained for seven years, and then struck out on his
own, working for wealthy men throughout Italy, and later for the king of France. Even

though Leonardo began his career as a painter, he most

often worked as an engineer. One reason was that he
painted very slowly, and sometimes did not even finish
his work. Another reason was

that Italy was at war, and geet
people needed engineers

rod et

\ deme al hae ee ee
aig

{ <

ea

二

66

a : - UNIT 1 SCIENCE AND SCIENTISTS

to help build city defences more than they needed artists. However,
even though da Vinci worked as an engineer, he still found time to
paint, creating some of his greatest artworks during this period.

After da Vinci's death, it was discovered that he had kept many
notebooks describing and illustrating his work, his inventions,
and his scientific research. While his notebooks were collected
and prized by the kings of Europe, none of them were published
until the late 19th century. Until then, few people had had any
idea what they contained.

As it turned out, his notebooks are an amazing treasure box of drawings
of people, animals, plants, and fantastic inventions, such as airplanes, tanks,
robots, and diving equipment. Then, there are accurate studies of the human
body, showing bones and muscles with such detail that would not be seen elsewhere for four hundred
years. Along with these drawings are notes describing his work. Oddly, many of these notes are written
backwards: You have to hold them up to the mirror in order to read them. Many of these notes are scientific
in nature, involving his research in many different fields. His notebooks show that he was not only the
greatest artist of his time, but the greatest scientist as well.

This raises the question: What was more important to da Vinci, science or art? Da Vinci once said,
“Practice must always be founded on sound theory ... The painter who draws merely by practice
and by eye, without any reason, is like a mirror which copies everything placed in front of it but does
not know those things exist.” Here, “reason” means an understanding of what is being painted. In da
Vinci's mind, before he could paint something, he had to examine it, take it apart, and even see how
it worked. Thus, his scientific research served his art.

Yet, this is too simple of a picture of the man. Da Vinci was always full of excitement to explore, to
discover, and to create. He saw no division between art, invention, and science—they were all a
part of his wonderful new world of discovery. Thus, some of da Vinci's paintings were really science
experiments, in that they used new chemicals and processes from his research. At the same time, his
scientific drawings are considered beautiful pieces of art in their own right, and many of them were
created to help him understand what he was painting. Da Vinci’s desire to create and his interest in
the world around him drove both his art and his science.

So what can we learn from this? Few of us will ever be as gifted and intelligent as da Vinci. Yet, all of
us can learn from his spirit. We can produce things of beauty, create new inventions, and increase
our scientific knowledge. Furthermore, we can be creative in solving difficult problems. While none of
us may ever be able to paint something as beautiful as the Mona Lisa, we can all do our small part to
make the world a better place.

67
TR oan en ho
UNIT2  — a

Using Words and Expressions

Change the following verbs to nouns.
What suffixes did you add? Can you
think of other suffixes for nouns?

present expect
cooperate _ motivate
qualify participate
apply adapt
acknowledge involve
require encourage
depart expose

2 Replace the underlined parts with

suitable phrases you have learnt in
this unit. For each sentence, which
way of expressing the idea do you
prefer?

1 The staffin the hotel did their best to provide
the guests with good service. Everyone
staying there felt comfortable and relaxed.

2 My friend bought medical insurance before
she went to study abroad. She knows that
it is really expensive to see a doctor ina
foreign country.

3 Inthe school] am studying at now, the
teachers encourage students to express their
opinions openly and make sure their voices
are heard.

4 Don't think that I was unfair. I only
supported whoever was right.

5 These days he doesn't have much spare time
because he is busy with preparing for the
final exams.

Translate the following sentences
into English using the words and
phrases in brackets.

1 受到 叔叔 的 鼓励 , 他 答应 在 国外 努力 学 习 , FER
家 人 的 期 望 。(motivated, expectation )

2 BRAM, 这 家 公司 开销 远 超 预 算 , 所 以 决定
修改 方案 , 提升 综合 竞争 力 。(As far as [know
firm, expense, budget )

3 临别 之 际 , 她 回想 起 与 朋友 一 起 度 过 的 美好 时 光 ，
意识 到 可 能 很 长 时 间 见 不 到 他 们 了 , 因此 十 分 翌
‘Kk. (departure, recall, depressed )

4 一 般 来 说 , 多 接触 世界 其 他 地 区 的 事物 能 够 帮
动 你 从 不 同 角度 看 问题 。(generally speaking,
exposure angle )

5 上 大 学 不 仅 意味 着 抓 住 继续 深造 的 机 会 , 还 意味
着 加 深 对 周转 世界 的 感悟 。( grasp,insight )

Complete the passage with the

correct forms of the words in the
box. Did the writer think it was a
good idea to study abroad? Why?

gain cooperation strength
angle surround depress
behave competent dramatic

Studying abroad in Amman, Jordan, was a life
changing experience for me. Every day was an
adventure because life there was

different from that at home. As you know, Jordan is
in the Middle East. There were so many challenges
and cultural norms I had to adapt to, and I needed
to learn how to in new

and with people from different
cultural backgrounds. Fortunately, everyone I met
there was understanding and welcoming, I applied
through International Studies Abroad (ISA), and
they were incredibly helpful and made the process
less and overwhelming. Studying
abroad let me see things from new

and learn more about cultures around me. I
hope everyone gets the opportunity to pursue

further studies abroad and to an
understanding of different cultures, too. I believe
studying abroad can help you your

abilities in cross-cultural communication and
improve your general
Using Structures

1 Use the clues to help you make
sentences with noun clauses.

EXAMPLE

major, study, influence, choice of university »

What major you want to study will influence
your choice of university.

1 strange to me, students, change classrooms,
each lesson, because, my country, teachers,
move around»

It

2 need,J-1 visa, F-1 visa, not known, many
exchange students »
Whether

3 host family, has received training, hosting
exchange students, clear, how, support
guests >
That

4 advice for exchange students, learn, report,
cases of crimes, police»
is that

2 Some people are giving comments
on studying abroad. Correct their
mistakes in using noun clauses.
Then write a short passage to
support one of the ideas you agree
with.

1 One possibility encountered by students
studying abroad is they might get depressed
because of the challenges they face, such as
a heavy workload and the language barrier.

2 This is true that the development of
modern technology has greatly relieved the

loneliness of those who are studying abroad.

Nowadays students can keep in touch with
their family more easily using email, mobile
phones, or other methods.

UNIT2 BRIDGING CULTURES “一 一 一

3 Students have to speak a foreign language
well enough to study in that country is a
challenge for those who hope to get an
overseas degree.

4 Insome cultures, people don't like to make
physical contact of any kind with strangers.
That is how they feel very uncomfortable if
anyone stands too close to them.

5 Now that you have passed the examination
with such a high score, the question being
which school you are going to apply for.

Complete the passage about
culture shock with the words from
the box. What are the four stages
of it? How do you think people can
overcome culture shock?

what that who
when whatever because
people move to anew
country, they often feel worried and stressed
they don’t know the
customs and traditions of the new place. This
feelingis is generally
called ‘culture shock” Kalervo Oberg was the
one first used this phrase.

According to Oberg, there are several stages of
culture shock. First there is the honeymoon
period. During this period,

people experience is fresh and exciting to them.
In the next stage, frustration, people notice more
differences between their own culture and the
new one. people usually do
about these differences is either to change their
behaviour or return to their home country. If
people stay, they come to the third stage which
occurs they begin to adjust
to the new culture. They begin to become familiar
with the customs, the thinking, and the habits

of the new place. Acceptance is the fourth stage.
People finally begin to fit into the new culture.
Differences no longer trouble them as much, and
they feel they might actually

belong in the new place.

69
—— WORKBOOK Ae 4 一 一 一 - — 7

Listening and Speaking

1 Match the pictures with the words.

_____ The National Museum of China ___ The British Museum
___ A bronze container ____ Abronze instrument

() 2 Listen to the conversation and answer the following questions.

1 Where does the conversation take place?
2 How many people are talking? Who are they?
3 What are they talking about?

() 3 Listen to the conversation carefully and complete the report in a local
newspaper.

Today is the opening of the “Culture and Ceremony: Bronze in Ancient China” exhibition at

中

. On display are some fantastic relics from the famous in 4
E Beijing. Many amazing are on display. According to the bronze expert, Li Chen, ;
上 there is an ongoing between the two museums. The programme beganin
i with a British Museum exhibition held in Beijing. The aim of the programme is 4
ie between the two nations. Li Chen also hopes it will encourage people to
- in the future. Tania is a teacher visiting with her art students. They are amazed

Dy. and the level of craftsmanship. The exhibition runs for ;

| Tickets are necessary for this special exhibition to because it is very popular. *
e 4
4 Work in groups of four. Imagine two are experts like Li Chen, and the others

are Tania’s students who are visiting the British Museum. Role-play a
conversation.
1 Experts: Brainstorm and research information about the history and culture of Chinese
bronze. You should explain the following clearly and add more details as necessary.
* exchange programme »* museum facts/details history and craft of bronze

2 Students: Brainstorm questions you will ask the experts about the exhibition. You should
express interest and ask good questions.

Expressing interest Confirming information
Oh, that’s interesting. May | ask if/how ...?
That's fascinating/incredible. So did you say that ...?
Wow! That's amazing. Can you explain that again please?

70
SES CN SC re SO a lets, an ae ee
UNIT 2 BRIDGING CULTURES ”一 一 一

Reading and Writing

1 What things do you think would impress a Canadian teenager on visit to

China?
™@) 2 Read through Jim's email to his aunt and match the main ideas with the
paragraphs.
Paragraph : Jim’s observations about China
Paragraph : the reason why Jim came to China
Paragraph :Jims plans for the future
Paragraph : something Jim is interested in
ge 00@
To: |joan.ford@hs.com _ 四 |

Subject: Life in China |

Hi there, Aunt Joan!

How are you? Mum said you asked how | was doing, so let me tell you about my life
here.

As you know, I’ve been in China for around a month now. | want to study in a local
university, which is why | took those after-school Chinese classes. | decided on China
because it’s a fast-developing country with trade links all over the world. Studying
here could be useful in finding a good job in trade or business. What’s more, Chinese
culture is really interesting, so choosing to come here was a no-brainer for me!

Having said that, China isn’t like | thought it might be. | thought it would be quite
old and traditional, but in many ways, the cities are just as modern as back home in
Vancouver, only with lots more people! There’s so much more food to try, too, and it’s
all delicious! Everywhere | go, | see restaurants and snack stalls—it seems to be a big
part of their culture. Food here is very reasonably priced, so it’s great for my budget.
The people | meet are all very welcoming towards me as a foreigner, and | even seem
to be a point of interest! However, hardly anyone speaks English in my area, so it can
be a bit overwhelming at times. But | guess that’s why I’m here—to learn.

Right now, I'm studying every day for my HSK exam (a Chinese language qualification).
But | also get a chance to explore the city. | usually get up extra early each morning to
enjoy a freshly made breakfast on the street, and then | often visit a park. I’m not sure
if you know, but I’m really interested in tai chi, so | spend a lot of time in the city parks
practising with the locals. There's a lot of traditional culture still alive in China. The parks
are full of people playing traditional instruments, playing Chinese chess, and even
writing calligraphy on the ground with giant paintbrushes!

71
—— WORKBOOK = =“ a

My long-term plan is to take a degree course here. But it all depends on my
expenses, so | intend to find some work first. I'm staying in a hostel dormitory right
now, but I’ve put an ad online to find a friendly Chinese family for a homestay. That
way, my Chinese will improve much faster, especially my written Chinese, which | find
the most difficult to grasp. |’ll get more exposure to Chinese culture, too. | hope | can
learn some Chinese food recipes from them. | promise
to make everyone a meal when | return!

Well, that’s all for now. I’ve attached a few photos for
you. You would really love it here, so | hope you guys
can visit China some time!

Take care!
Jim

3 Read the email again and answer these questions. Then summarise the
content of Jim’s email with the help of the answers to these questions.

How did Jim prepare for his trip to China?

How did Jim’s impression of China change after he arrived?
Why does Jim like Chinese parks so much?

What are Jim’s plans for the future?

ar wond 一

What kind of photos do you think Jim has attached to the email?

4 Ingroups, discuss the following questions.

1 What kind of home would be a good choice for Jim’s homestay?
2 What kind of indoor or outdoor activities would Jim really appreciate?
3 In what ways could you help Jim with his plans?

5 Using ideas from your discussion, write a reply in response to Jim's ad,
inviting him to stay in your home. Be sure to mention special things about
your home, unique activities, and the kind of help you can offer him. Use the
table below to help you sort out your ideas.

Home activities Outdoor activities Help Jim!

EXAMPLE
Hi Jim!
| saw your ad and | think | can help you. My home is the perfect place for you ...

72
— 7 UNIT2 BRIDGING CULTURES —

*Expanding Your World

ZHAN TIANYOU:
THE FATHER OF CHINA’S RAILROAD

In 1872, a 12-year-old Chinese boy boarded a ship heading for the USA. He
would be away from his parents for the next nine years. This young boy was
Zhan Tianyou, who was destined to play a major role in the development of
China's railroads. Zhan Tianyou was one of the first 30 boys chosen to be
part of the Chinese Educational Mission (CEM), which had been founded
by the Chinese government at the time with the goal of helping China to
develop and strengthen through education.

上 was not easy, however, to recruit 30 boys whose parents were willing to
part with their sons for fifteen years, which was the original plan of the CEM.
No one knew what to expect if their children were to be separated from them by
thousands of miles for more than a decade. Few people had any experience travelling to countries
outside China, and many were afraid of foreigners. A friend persuaded Zhan Tianyou’s father to send
his son for the CEM admission test, and eventually Zhan Tianyou joined the small group of boys
sailing across the Pacific to the USA.

After the ship reached the US west coast, Zhan Tianyou and the other students had to travel by train
across America to reach their schools on the east coast. On the way, the young Chinese boy drank
in the amazing natural scenery, the culture and customs, and the developing American industrial
civilisation. Looking back years later, he remembered that he had been especially impressed by the
amazing railroads and trains.

Zhan Tianyou and his fellow students received a warm welcome from the school and their homestay
families when they finally arrived in the state of Connecticut. For the first two years in Connecticut,
Zhan Tianyou attended the Seaside Institute for Boys, where he became very close friends with the
headmaster and his family. The headmaster’s wife, Mrs Martha Northrop, was an especially good
friend and positive influence, encouraging the young Chinese boy to study science and engineering
after he displayed a talent for maths. Many years later, Zhan Tianyou wrote to Mrs Northrop to
express his great gratitude for her kindness and help during those early years.

During his two years at the boys’ school, Zhan Tianyou embraced as many opportunities as he
could to learn about this new world. He took part in all sorts of sports, games, and other activities:
swimming, skating, ball games, fishing, riding bicycles, playing chess, and more. He also became
interested in travel and reading, especially Mark Twain’s novels. When he entered high school, he
continued to participate in many different sports and other activities, even forming a baseball team
with the other Chinese students attending the high school. Their team often competed with teams
from different parts of the USA.

73
WORKBOOK - -

Zhan Tianyou did not, however, neglect his studies to pursue sports or play games. He greatly
expanded his understanding of science and Western culture, took part in natural and social research,
and eventually graduated first in his class and second in the whole school.

While in high school, Zhan Tianyou became increasingly interested in the rapid development of
modern science and technology. He was impressed by the new American railroad system and
the hard work of the Chinese workers who helped to build it. During a visit to Philadelphia, he was
amazed by the many displays of science and technology at the Centennial Exposition (later renamed
the World Fair). He was also saddened to see that only a few items were displayed by the Chinese
representatives at the exposition: mostly tea, silk, and porcelain.

Those first five years of observation and experience, the great encouragement of his good friend
Mrs Northrop, and his great desire to help his home country led him to a very clear choice of major
in college: civil engineering, with an emphasis on railroad construction. He had seen first-hand how
building railroads had greatly assisted America’s growth, and he felt that China would benefit similarly
from having railroads.

Therefore, at the age of 17, Zhan Tianyou entered Yale University’s Sheffield Scientific School to study
civil engineering. His hard work won him a scholarship and a medal in maths during his time there.
He graduated in 1881 with a Ph.B. degree, ranking first in the graduation exams. Of the 120 Chinese
boys who came to the US through the CEM, only Zhan Tianyou and another student completed
college degrees, as in the summer of 1881, the Qing government decided to recall the CEM students.

Zhan Tianyou returned to China with a great desire to use his education and experience to build up his
country. Seven years later, in 1888, he finally began to realise his dream of building a railroad system in
China. He became particularly famous for his amazing work on the Beijing-Zhangjiakou Railway, a railway
line built across some of the most difficult geographical conditions in China. Zhan Tianyou, now known
as the Father of China’s Railroad, served his country for 31 years, improving life for millions of people.

a
UNIT 3 一

Using Words and Expressions

1

Match the noun phrases on the
right with the adjectives that
collocate with them.

1 fundamental A tools to eat noodles with

2 consistent Bcolours of the fruit bowls

3 ideal C environment in the
restaurant

4 vivid D improvement in cuisine
development

5 overall E differences between Italian
cuisine and Chinese cuisine

Complete the sentences with the
correct forms of the words in the
box.

limit chairman protein category
chew calorie dessert pork
madam somewhat quantity
canteen/cafeteria association
1 I'mglad that I'm consuming fewer

this week. Hopefully I have lost

some weight.

9

FOOD AND CULTURE

Almonds are full of
fundamental for body building.
Coffee and tea will usually be served with

which is

Itis wasteful to consume such
vast of food and drink at a
birthday party.

She gave the children some teething biscuits
to during the long car journey.
There are two of protein—
animal protein and vegetable protein.
Alexander is the new of the
French Cuisine .

Tom prefers roast lamb to roast ;
because it is more tender, in his opinion.
What would you like to have for the main
course, 2

10 [ usually have lunch in the school

since it is more convenient and

comfortable.

11 tis nowaccepted that people should

themselves to only a few cups of
coffee a day for the sake of their health.

Put the foods into different categories, and add more to each category. Think
of more food categories and make your own word bank. In pairs, design a
simple menu using the foods in your chart as ingredients, and talk about their

flavours and features.

pepper pancake

bean curd onion rice noodles spaghetti

cream oil nut meat
apple peach orange lemon

Energy-giving foods
(which provide energy):

Foods
Protective foods

(which help to fight diseases): fo

lamb garlic bacon ham sausage cabbage mushroom

bread potato chocolate butter

egg cheese milk bean pea cucumber eggplant

Body-building foods
(which help to strengthen bones and muscles):

75
—— WORKBOOK ear 一 一

76

Using Structures

1 Complete the sentences with the
correct forms of the given words.

1 Entering the kitchen, I found that the pizza
(just, transfer) into
the oven.
2 The cheesecake the cafeteria offered me
the other day was the best I
(ever have).
3 The chef said that the menu
(adjust) to suit local tastes.
That's why more and more customers were
coming to the restaurant.
4 The nutritionists claimed that they
(discover) anew
and nutritious type of food.
5 After she (tell)
about the online shop for vegetarians, she
didn’t go to the supermarket anymore.

2 Read the situations and rewrite the
sentences using the given words.

EXAMPLE

He couldn't take out his card. He called the
bank about the broken ATM. (swallow) »
The ATM had swallowed his card./His card
had been swallowed by the ATM.

1 When my mum got to the supermarket,
there was no grass-fed beefleft. (sell out) »

/

2 Itwas my first time to hear somebody sing the
song, so I knew nothing about it. (hear) »

/

3 I got to the food market, but it was closed.
I didn’t know about the new opening time.
(change) »

4 Linda has become slimmer since last
summer. She used the vegetarian recipes
from the website. (follow) »

/

Read each conversation. If you find
a mistake, put a cross [ x ) and write
the correct words on the line. If the
sentence is right, put a tick [ \/ ).

EXAMPLE
A: Had you ever eaten durian before you came
to Singapore last year?
B: Yes, I did. I really like durian!
( x )
Yes, I had.

1 A: Howmuch sugar and salt did Lily put?
B: They added into the pot without me
noticing, sorry.

()

2 A:Doyou remember why Mrs Green
scolded you last Christmas?
B: Yes, it was because I had taken her plates
from the cupboard without asking her.

( )

3 A: Did you start to study food nutrition in
2017?
B: Yes, I had studied it for several years and I
am really interested in it.

(  )

Work in pairs. Think of an interesting
situation and make up a similar
conversation by yourselves.
一 一 UNIT3 FOODANDCULTURE “一 -一

Listening and Speaking

1

O@

4

Discuss these questions in groups.

1 Have you ever eaten in a Western restaurant?
2 In what ways was it different from a Chinese restaurant?

Listen to a conversation at -
an American steakhouse , @
between Paul and Lin Tao, MENU * 3’ 电
and then circle the items you Ee SS
hear on the menu. Soup >
¢ French onion soup $4.50
。 Seafood soup $7.99

Listen again and complete
Paul's order. Salad

Dressings: Thousand Island, French, Italian,
and blue cheese

* Chicken salad $6.99
¢ Seafood salad $8.99
Steak
Order: Rare, Medium, Well-done
© Grilled T-bone steak served with French
) fries or baked potatoes $30.99
| Steak | 一 一 一 。Fillet of beef served with peppercorn
Baked potato sauce $36.99

)

2 Salad (___——

a

a

Discuss the following questions in groups.

1 What puzzled Lin when he first saw the menu?

2 What is the difference between rare, medium, and well-done steak?

In groups, discuss a dining experience that you have had in a different culture
or region. Use the questions below to help you.

1 Where was it and what kind of restaurant was it? What was it like?
2 How was it different from what you are used to?
3 What did this experience teach you about the people of that culture or region?

77

WORKBOOK 一 SS 一 一 -一 — —_

Reading and Writing

1) 1 Read the text and complete the statements by circling the correct words or phrases.

CONVENIENCE FOOD OR FRESH FOOD?

A new survey indicates that young people in China much prefer making fresh food to buying
prepared food. Mei Lin, for example, is 22 and she is a college graduate from Anhui. Mei Lin
has stopped buying cheap food at the supermarket. “I would much prefer my own bowl of
noodles with fresh vegetables and a few spices to the packaged noodles | can buy in a store.
It’s fresher and healthier, especially since | lead an active life.” Mei Lin often goes jogging in the
evening and plays tennis at the weekend, in addition to swimming and training for a marathon
in Xiamen in the autumn. She believes her fresh food choices help her stay fit and active.

But the trend isn’t one that only women are taking up. Su Bo, a 26-year-old computer
programmer in Shenzhen, says that he has given up eating packaged meals except when
he’s travelling for work. “For me, it’s a matter of wanting to be healthy and having enough
energy. | have a very demanding job, and | need a sharp mind and strong body. It does take
more time to go shopping, but | find my energy levels are higher when | eat fresh food.” Su
Bo used to order many of his meals online, so that he could spend more time working, but
he soon stopped this habit. “| realised it wasn’t good to never take a break from my job,” he
said. “Besides, the food often made me ill.” For Su Bo this meant cooking his own vegetables,
eating less meat, and carrying fruit to work for lunch. “Sometimes | buy one or two baozi from
the food store on the corner, but | usually make and bring my own lunch to work.” Like Mei Lin,
Su Bo insists that eating healthy food helps him with his fitness routine.

Both admit that in times of stress or busy periods at work, they do sometimes give in and eat
fast food or packaged meals. “Sometimes | just have to eat something on the run,” says Mei
Lin. “But | always regret it. | am so used to my diet now that when | eat less healthy food, | feel
tired. | exercise less as a result.” Su Bo insists that he does still sometimes enjoy eating on the
go. “But | almost always eat healthy meals. Because | live at home and my mother prefers to
eat like | do, we often cook together. It’s my father who likes to eat fast food in front of the TV,”
he laughs.

When asked whether their eating habits are common among their age group, both Mei
Lin and Su Bo say they are. Yet, it’s not clear whether this food trend will be adopted by
other young Chinese people. Are Mei Lin and Su Bo unique or are they setting a new
trend? It’s too early to say.

COMMENTS:

@runnerSZ95
| agree with this. Eating healthily is the best thing to do!

78
一

wm 上 上 mm

= UNIT 3 FOOD AND CULTURE —

@annalee_zhaowow
This is not realistic. It's hard to cook when you work all the time! How can these two people
speak for everyone?

@jaychoulvrfan
Processed food makes me feel depressed. | love coming home with a shopping bag full
of fresh food!

Many young people in China today don't like/like prepared store-bought food, compared to
fresh food.

Mei Lin would rather pay less/more money for fresh food than food from a supermarket.
When he goes to work, Su Bo doesn’t eat/eats packaged food.

Sometimes Mei Lin eats packaged meals when she is in a hurry/running.

Su Bos mother likes to eat fast/fresh food.

Compare and contrast the habits and characteristics of Mei Lin and Su Bo.
Write M for Mei Lin, S for Su Bo, or B for Both in the blanks.

NO oO fh OD 一

Has/Have higher energy levels after eating fresh food

Likes/Like to make noodles with fresh vegetables and a few spices
Likes/Like to run

Needs/Need to stay alert because of work

No longer buys/buy supermarket food

Sometimes eats/eat fast food or prepared food

Thinks/Think eating healthy food helps with a fitness routine

Discuss in pairs the comments you would write in response to this article,
and give your reasons.

Write a short essay on whether you prefer fresh food or prepared food.

1

List two or three reasons why you prefer one choice over the other.
Reason 1

Reason 2
Reason 3

For each reason, give at least one supporting detail.
Detail 1
Detail 2
Detail 3

Now use your notes to write your essay. Remember to include an introduction and a
conclusion. Use the following structures to help you.

For me, simple fresh food is the best kind of food ...
The first reason is that ... For example, ...

In conclusion, ...

79

—— WORKBOOK Sa 一 一 一 = = _ 加

*Expanding Your World

FARM-TO-TABLE

The phrase “farm-to-table” may not be one
that everyone knows, but it is a common
phrase when talking about a type of restaurant
that some customers in Western countries
prefer. Farm-to-table as a social movement
has its origins in a famous San Francisco
restaurant called Chez Panisse. Chef Alice
Waters worked hard to learn where all
of her ingredients came from, preferring 4 ORGANIC C ae
whenever possible to find local food to serve

in her restaurants. She did this because she

preferred to have relationships with the people who supplied her food. A sense of trust
soon developed between the staff of Chez Panisse and the farmers, and this meant
reliable sources of produce for the restaurant’s customers. Since the food isn’t being
shipped to the other side of the world, it can be picked when it is in season, allowing the
plants to develop fully, resulting in better flavour and nutrition.

Imagine sitting in a restaurant in a Western ae
city and hearing from the waiter that the eggs RM CA —_
you’re about to eat came from a farm 20 miles FA ES E>
outside the city, that the onions came from a ram) E>
farm just across the road, that the peppers Basa = 本
were grown in the restaurant’s own garden, ca f=
and the cheese was made across town. This Wie tra | es
is a farm-to-table restaurant. At weal IE iw | mm
UV 人 Ll

Though the farm-to-table trend started in the
restaurant world, customers soon started
demanding that supermarkets label where their
foods come from. If you’ve ever bought blueberries
from Quebec, bananas from Costa Rica, or grapes
from Chile, you have seen first-hand the farm-to-
table movement in action. It’s common in most
supermarkets today in Western countries—and
s= even in many Asian countries—for products to list
the country of origin. This gives customers an idea
of how fresh the food is likely to be or how far it has come from. This knowledge, people
argue, helps customers make the best choices for themselves and their families.

The farm-to-table movement rides on the crest of the wave with three other movements:
the slow food movement, the movement towards fresh seasonal ingredients, and the
organic food movement. The term “slow food” was chosen to set it apart from “fast food”,
but it really is not “slow” in the sense of eating or cooking food slowly. Rather, the slow
food movement celebrates traditional food made with local ingredients and traditional
cooking techniques. It sees a strong link between food and culture, and wants to protect

一 一 ———— UNT3 FOOD AND CULTURE

local food heritage as a way of protecting local culture. As
such, it heavily depends on local farmers and other food
producers. While not all farm-to-table restaurants are part
of the slow food movement, all slow food restaurants are
essentially farm-to-table.

Prior to modern food processing and storage techniques
and the use of greenhouses, most food was essentially
seasonal in nature. That is, you could only find certain food
ingredients at certain times of the year. As a consequence,
people looked forward to seasons and seasonal
celebrations in large part because of the food available at that time. Modern technology has
made food much more convenient, but with that it has also taken away some of the things
that made food wonderful. Not only is our food often lacking in flavour and nutrition, but we
have lost touch with some of our cultural heritage and the rhythms of nature, and the joy of
anticipation has been lost. As a consequence, many people are embracing seasonal cuisine
by consuming only fresh ingredients that are in season. Farm-to-table goes hand-in-hand with
this new emphasis, as this is one way to ensure that only fresh seasonal ingredients are being
used, rather than ingredients which have been processed, which have been stored for many
months at a time, or which originated in greenhouses.

The idea behind organic food is that food is grown and processed in ways that use as few
chemicals as possible. This is seen as being better for our health, and better for the earth. The
farm-to-table movement believes that food should be grown, shipped, stored, and prepared as
naturally as possible.

Fraud, however, has become a problem in the farm-to-table movement. Investigations have
shown that some supermarkets, for example, have claimed that their apples came from
Washington when they really came from Mexico, and restaurants have claimed that a fish
is One species when it’s a different one. Why does this matter? Because farm-to-table is a
movement about trust: trust that food is grown in healthy and clean environments, and trust
that the people who buy such food have developed personal relationships with the people who
grow it.

Some people do not support the farm-to-table movement. They insist that the nutritional value
of local food is not any greater than mass-produced food shipped from far away. At the same
time, local food can cost a lot more. This has resulted in some saying that farm-to-table is
a movement that meets the desires of people with money, but does not really address any
actual nutritional or environmental concerns. Poor people, in other words, cannot afford to
worry about where their food comes from. It is true that many poor people in the West cannot
afford to buy farm-to-table food from expensive supermarkets. On the other hand, in most
developing countries poor people already have farm-to-table diets because they live on or near
farms and this is the only food available.

Whether farm-to-table is a long-term trend or a passing fad isn’t clear. But people today are more
demanding when it comes to getting information about their food from restaurants and market
owners. This new type of communication between customers and businesses is unlikely to go away
anytime soon.

Ee a a ee i ee  、
了
UNIT 4 |

Using Words and Expressions

2 Learn to use the words anticipate,
owe, and contrary by translating
the Chinese words in brackets into

1 Familiarise yourself with the idioms
by matching the meanings A-H with
the words in brown.

English.

A to deliberately behave in a stupid way

B tolookangry 1 The organisers
| C ili i i ( 没有 预想 到 ) the huge interest in the horse-
| the ability to see or notice small details that AUS g
| are very difficult to see riding event at the Calgary Stampede.
| D to make sb remember or learn sth by 2 ( 据 预 测 ) that
| repeating it often the repair work at the CN Tower will be
| E toendsth completed in around six months.

F the best in a group 3 (我 们 没有 预想 到 )
G used fortelling sb that they should not that the frost would cause any difficulties in
bother to say sth driving.
H_be prevented from taking part in sth 4 Ithink you (xa
_ 己 ) a day off from work.
| 1 Save ad both. He won't -_ 5 Dontyouthinkyou (k
| 2 Stop acting/playing the goat! It’s annoying 44—M8 4) for the way you've behaved?
| Je 一 6 Howmuch ( 我 们
| 3 We sat down and started the exam under Kk) for the tickets?
| the eagle eye of the teacher. 7 We ( 欠 你 很 多 )
4 like everyone in her family, but Judy is the for all your hard work this year.
best of the bunch. _ 8 You thought we didn't like Mr Smith?
5 It was drilled into us at an early age never to ( 相反 地 ) , every
telale one ofuslovedhim, although he was rather
6 Seeing the annoying sight he had a face like stubborn and very strict with us
thunder.

9 ( 与 我 们 期 待 的
相反 ) , it rained a lot during our trip to

7 He was frozen out of discussions about the
project. the seaside.
8 They bring down the curtain on their

Canadian tour in the Yukon today.

3 Put the following words into the three categories of word formation. Look them up in
the dictionary if necessary.
Compounding

alongside,
bend bound
duration awesome
gd aynow Derivation
commercial drill ;
thunder highlight duration,
airline frost
border pleasant
massive literally Conversion

photographer toast

82
Using Structures

1

Complete the table with as many
words in -ed or -ing form as you
can think of. Then complete the
conversations with suitable words.
Work with a partner to write
similar conversations.

r : Describe places,
Describe feelings things, or people
interested, interesting,

1 A: Areyou in visiting the newly
built museum downtown?

B: Not really. Id rather go to the new theme
park, which is more .
2 A: Don'tyou think that dog is 2
Better not get close to it.
B: Actually, I think that the dog is just
because there are so many
people around.

Choose one or two topics from the
list below and write a paragraph
about your feelings or experience
using some words in their -ed or
-ing forms.

¢ abook you have read

* acity you have travelled to

¢ alecture you have listened to
* arestaurant you have been to

a friend you want to talk about

a product or an app you have used

EXAMPLE

“Life on the Road” is the most touching
lecture I have ever listened to. Among the
talks on travel, this is the most inspiring.
I was very impressed by the dangers and
uncertainty the speaker had experienced, as
well as his exploration and discovery ...

UNIT4 JOURNEY ACROSS A VAST LAND

Share your ideas with your group.
As a group, choose the most
impressive piece of writing to share
with the class.

3 Read this ad about a short story

contest. Correct the mistakes in it
and check your answers with your
partner. Then imagine that you are
entering the contest and write a
short story.

Write a short story about a memorable trip you
have taken, and stand a chance to win a holiday for
two near the Niagara Falls, Canada!

Now’ your chance to put pen to paper and win
a week's holiday at Oakes Hotel overlooking
the Falls. Locating in front of the Falls, the hotel
provides a front-row view of the Canadian
Horseshoe Falls. Enjoy the best view in the district,
every guest with a Falls View room can just stand
by the window, and experience the beauty of the
Falls right outside! For guests stayed in a River
View or an ordinary room, check out the 14th
floor observation room. If youre looked for a
closer view, you can walk down the railway, right
to the edge of the Falls!

Setting in the heart of the Fallsview tourist district
and other Niagara Falls attractions, which are
really excited, the Oakes Hotel will be your perfect
choice for shopping, dining, or entertainment.

You will never be bored here.

Your story should be between 200- 400 words.
Your story must be original and must not have
been published previously, whether in printed
or online. Your story can make us laugh or cry, or

inspiring and encouraging,

20

25

83
一 WORKBOOK ee ee 一 一

Listening and Speaking
() 1 Mary Sullivan has just completed a long walk alone across Australia, and is
now being interviewed on a webcast called Adventure Travel. Listen to the
webcast and tick the things that she talks about.

a

kangaroo

walking shoes

() 2 Listen again and take notes on the three main difficulties Mary encountered
on her journey.

Her three main difficulties

¢ Hunger: Since she had to carry , she did not have much room to
, SO sometimes she didn’t eat.
e : On a journey like this, your body can take quite a beating and you can
be in quite :
e Problems with the : She avoided walking through and

always made sure she could see what she was

3 Imagine your partner has just completed a long walk, and you are
interviewing him or her about the journey. Use what you have learnt in this
unit and the questions below to help you.

low long was your journey?

| What kind of equipment did you need?
| low did you prepare for emergencies? What kind of difficulties did you face? |
| Did you encounter any wildlife? Why did you go on such a journey? |

You may start the interview like this:

Today, I’m interviewing ... who has just walked across ...

84
a || || |_--E-- —___
- a UNIT4 JOURNEY ACROSS AVASTLAND ”一 一 一

Reading and Writing
1 What do you know about Xu Xiake and his travels?

™@) 2 Read the following article and answer this question: How do you think modern
tourism differs from tourism in the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644)?

It is 10 in the morning, and | am travelling by raft down the Li River.
The sun is already burning hot even though it has not yet reached full
strength, but a calm breeze cools my skin. So far the day is wonderful,
but the purpose of my trip is not just to have fun: | am following in the
footsteps of Xu Xiake (1587-1641), the famous Chinese travel writer
and geographer. Though Xu was from Jiangsu, he spent more than
30 years travelling throughout the country, and greatly admired my
destination today —Ox Gorge.

As we flow down the river, we are surrounded by steep hills sticking
up into the sky—karsts. Unique among mountains, karsts were
formed over thousands of years as rain drained into the acidic soil
and melted the soft rock, leaving the harder rock behind. Guangxi is |
full of karsts, giving it some of the most interesting—and beautiful—
scenery in the world. Xu was one of the first people to make a careful study of Guilin’s karsts
and their related cave systems. He, like many people today, found them fascinating.

Suddenly, our raft hits some rapids, and | find myself covered in water. | turn to my raftsman
and we share a laugh. The water not only keeps us cool, but it is all part of the adventure.

What made someone like Xu spend years travelling thousands of kilometres away from home?
Perhaps it’s the same reason as mine: to explore the world and to discover new things. As Xu
wrote, “A great man should in the morning be at the blue sea, and in the evening at Mount
Cangwu. Why should | restrict myself to one corner of the world?”

Xu was not alone. Much like today, the late Ming
Dynasty was a golden age of tourism within China.
People travelled hundreds of kilometres to visit
temples, go mountain climbing, or explore scenery.

es
一 WRU RISOIK, |e et 和 —

86

Yet, perhaps no one in China travelled farther or longer
than Xu Xiake. At least, if anyone did they did not write
about it.

When our raft reaches Ox Gorge, it proves to be every
bit as beautiful as | expected—a watery heaven on earth.
The raft is tied up, and then | head out to explore. That
afternoon, | find a cave on the river. | wade into it and the
water grows shallower, until finally | am walking on dry
land. Up ahead | see a light and hear laughter echoing
off the cave walls. There is a large pool of mud, and a group of young people are jumping
into it and swimming around. | run and join them. Soon, like my new friends, | am covered
in gray mud from head to toe. After an hour of play, | head back out of the cave and take a
swim in the river to get clean. And | wonder, when Xu Xiake came here nearly five hundred
years ago, did he examine the mud like a scientist? Or did he jump in?

Of course he jumped in. You know he did.

Read the article again and answer the questions.

Why did the author decide to go to Guilin?

How are karsts and their related cave systems formed?

According to the author, why did Xu Xiake like to travel?

What did the author do in the cave?

Do you agree with the author that Xu Xiake probably played in the mud? Why or why not?

ahonNdD 一

In groups, discuss why Xu Xiake liked to go on long journeys, what difficulties he
probably faced, and what things he enjoyed.

Imagine that you are a modern-day Xu Xiake and wish to go on a long journey
somewhere in the world. Write a short essay telling:

¢ where you intend to visit.

e why you wish to go there.

® what you hope to learn.

¢ what difficulties you might face.

¢ what you would enjoy on your journey.

You may use the beginning and ending below to help you in your writing.

My plan is to go hiking in ..., as | want to see the beautiful scenery ...

... It’s true that it might be a little dangerous hiking in such a place, but to be alone under the
open sky will fill me with great peace and allow me to clear my mind and focus on the positive
things in my life. And to challenge myself with the difficulty seems like a wonderful experience ...

| think we can learn a great deal from travelling as Xu Xiake did.
We se se
— ; —s — UNIT4 JOURNEY ACROSS AVASTLAND ———

*Expanding Your World

JOURNEYS BY DOG SLED

.», About 120 years ago, gold was discovered in the Yukon, in northern Canada,
starting a gold rush as tens of thousands of men—and women—travelled
there from around the world in the hope of making their fortunes. There
were no real roads in that area back then, so it was difficult to travel
overland in summer. However, once the ground was covered in ice and
snow, one could travel long distances quickly by sled. Of course, the
winter weather was too harsh for horses—they would die in the cold.
Dogs, on the other hand, thrived in the cold because of their thick fur,
so then—and even now—dogs were used on long journeys through the
: snow carrying people and goods on sleds. As a young man, Jack London
joined the gold rush and journeyed from California to Alaska and the Yukon.
Though, like most miners, he did not get rich looking for gold, he saw first-hand
how dogs were a necessary part of travel in the far north. Some friends he met there had
a large dog, a husky and St Bernard mixed breed. This dog seemed particularly tough and
healthy and served as inspiration for the main dog
character in London's novel, The Call of the Wild.

London thought of his time in the north as one of
his life’s greatest adventures. When he returned to *
California, he was unable to find a job. Those were
difficult times in California, which we still isolated alls = ~=6WHITEHORS
cut off from much of the American economy. With CAPITAL OF THE
Alaska fresh in his mind, he tried to sell the story of his _ = a
journey up north to several publishers and magazines,

but no one seemed interested. Later, London wrote a
short story about a dog in the far north who survives
many adventures and ends up killing his master. But almost immediately after its publication,
London regretted it and felt that he needed to “set the story straight” by showing how noble
and loyal dogs were, especially dogs in the far north, where travel and survival was difficult.
It was this that started him writing his famous novel, The Cail of the Wild. The new story was
quickly picked up by a magazine and serialised into four parts. It became extremely popular.
Later, it was published in book format and has never been out of print since.

区
Welcome to

The hero of London's novel was Buck, a large family dog owned by a wealthy judge:

“Buck was neither house-dog nor kennel-dog. The whole realm was his … he was king—king
over all creeping, crawling, flying things of Judge Miller's place, humans included. His father,
Elmo, a huge St Bernard, had been the Judge's inseparable companion, and Buck bid fair to
follow in the way of his father. He was not so large—he weighed only one hundred and forty
pounds—for his mother, Shep, had been a Scotch shepherd dog. Nevertheless, one hundred
and forty pounds, to which was added the dignity that comes of good living and universal
respect, enabled him to carry himself in right royal fashion. During the four years since his

87
—— WORKBOOK 一 : - 一

puppyhood he had lived the life of a sated aristocrat; he had a fine pride in himself, was even a
trifle egotistical, as country gentlemen sometimes become because of their insular situation. But
he saved himself by not becoming a mere pampered house-dog. Hunting and kindred outdoor
delights had kept down the fat and hardened his muscles; and to him, as to the cold-tubbing
races, the love of water had been a tonic and a health preserver.”

Buck’s life was wonderful and happy, until he was stolen and sold to men who took him to
Canada, where he became a sled dog used for travel in the harsh Yukon winter. The book was
an early example of an adventure tale told from an animal’s point of view, by an animal with
human emotions and ways of seeing the world:

“Close in under the sheltering rock Buck made his nest. So snug and warm was it, that he was
loath to leave it when Francois distributed the fish which he had first thawed over the fire. But
when Buck finished his ration and returned, he found his nest occupied. A warning snarl told him
that the trespasser was Spitz. Till now Buck had avoided trouble with his enemy, but this was too
much. The beast in him roared. He sprang upon Spitz with a fury which surprised them both, and
Spitz particularly, for his whole experience with Buck had gone to teach him that his rival was an
unusually timid dog, who managed to hold his own only because of his great weight and size.”

The excerpt above shows how London created a dog that not only had qualities that humans
recognise in dogs, but also an emotional complexity that humans also recognise in each other.
In this way, London was able to create a character that was both non-human and human. This
made the adventure tale engaging and fascinating, offering urban Americans insight into what
life in the far north was like for dogs and humans.

Just as Buck as a dog is used to pull sleds on long journeys, the story itself is one of a long
inner journey. Buck begins his life in a comfortable, loving home where he must depend upon
his human master for everything. But later he is forced to survive under harsh circumstances in
a difficult environment. There, however, he finds a strength that he did not realise he had, and
becomes an essential part of his owner’s life. Yet, as much as his human owner needs Buck for
survival, Buck discovers that he no longer needs humans. So, when his owner dies, he escapes
into the forest and joins the wolves, finally discovering true freedom and independence.

Sadly, Jack London died young in 1916 at the age of 40. There is debate about how he died
exactly, as London had suffered from several painful diseases in the last years of his life, including
scurvy which had been caused by his travels in the Yukon earlier in life. After his death, interest
in The Call of the Wild, and some of his other works, grew much stronger. Romantic ideas of the
tragic author who passed away when he was still young and handsome made his works even
more popular. Today, The Call of the Wild is considered one of the most important novels of
American literature, and students in high school and college are often required to read it.

UNIT 5 7

Using Words and Expressions

1 Complete the table about different
emergencies. The words in the box
may help you.

Emergency Cause Result Solution
burn

cut

sprained
ankle

knife swollen slip over something
bandage acid plaster andasling
bleeding painful specialcream blister
brokenarm bruise icepack X-ray

2 Choose a word from the box on
the left to complete each phrase
on the right. Then make your own
sentences using the phrases.
loose 1 a day in November
tight 2a way of avoiding accidents
elderly 3 takea hold ofhis hand
practical 4 makea attempt to escape
desperate 5 escape with only injuries
foggy 6 in need of medical attention
urgent 7 tighten the screw
minor 8 awell-dressed woman

3 Translate the Chinese in brackets
into English to complete the
sentences.

1 Ishouldn’t have eaten so much steak for
lunch. Now
( ET 0% ) of the boat going over the waves
is making me sick.

2 Inthe ward, the nurse
( 扎 了 一 针 ) in his arm. Then
she withdrew it and placed a pad of cotton
wool over the spot.

— = FIRST AID

3 The elderly man’s speech
( BoA ATH) from
time to time.
4 Inthe face of the public’s dissatisfaction
with the new social welfare system,

the government

( 马上 做 出 反应 ) and tried
to ( 证明 该
福利 的 好 处 ).

5 When news ofher sons death reached her,
she
( 绝望 地 尖 叫 一 声 ) refusing to believe it. She
finally
( 38 8224 ), wrapping her arms around
herself.

Complete the conversations with
the words you learnt in this unit. The
first letter of each word is given.

1 A: Let's rest in the members’ lounge over

there. The radio said our flight is

d due to the f
weather.
B: Im afraidIcant go with you. I didn’t
apply form in the airline club.
A: Oh, don’t worry. I can bring a friend in
with me!

2 A: So, Tony. How was your weekend,
surrounded by nature? Must have
been quite different from living in the
s .
B: Well, [hada good time fishing by the river.
But there were too many m.
I got so many bites!

A: Ohno! Did you catch some fish at least?

B: No, I was about to catch one when I
heard someone s and then I
heard a splash in the water.

A: Was someone d ?

B: Yes, a girl was walking along the bank
when she s - Luckily, I can
swim, so I jumped in the river and got
her out immediately.

89

~— WORKBOOK —— - =

90

Using Structures

1

Make sentences with the following
clues. Then try to form a logical
paragraph by putting some of the
sentences together. Pay attention
to the use of the -/09 form.

Reacting rapidly in times of emergency ...
Not hesitating for a single second, ...
Having called the ambulance, ...

I stopped his bleeding by ...

When carrying out rescue breathing, ...

DO 上 ODN 一

Being educated on how to respond to life-

threatening situations, ...

7 The man was thankful for ...

8 It was an inspiring experience and I think in
the future I'll keep ...

9 To learn more first-aid techniques, I’m
considering ...

10 When I saw blood flowing out from his arm,

Icouldn'’t help ...

Rewrite the sentences to correct
the mistakes in the use of the -ing
form. You may need to add some
information. What mistakes do
these sentences have in common?
How should you avoid making such
mistakes?

1 Aman was seen lying on the street, while
waiting ata subway station.

2 While having a bath, water leaked over the
sides of the tub.

3 The hurricane terrified people, being driven
from their homes.

4 Moving fast through the grass, I sawa snake.

5 The old woman fell down just in front of
Kathy, not knowing what to do.

6 Sobbing and wailing, the search team finally
located the survivors.

7 Sitting on the beach, the waves seemed huge
to Martin.

8 After spending two hours in the waiting
room, the nurse finally called his name.

9 Being trained at the first-aid centre, his
confidence in helping people grew stronger.

10 Having been seriously injured in a cycling
accident last year, riding too quickly on a
bike is something that he is now afraid of

Edit the story by correcting any
mistakes regarding the use of the
-ing form. What can you learn from
the story?

Last night there was a big storm, brought
high winds and blowing roofs off houses. By
morning, however, the storm had passed and
the streets were dry. While goes to school,
Peter noticed a young boy lie in the road near
a downed power line. Not moved, the boy
looked dead and his face was turning blue.
Peter was walking over to help the boy, when
he heard a man shouting “Stop! Don’t move!”
Peter turned and saw a man running towards

him with a serious face. “Don't touch him! You
could get killed!” the man shouted. “Call an
ambulance!” Peter ran to a shop nearby to call
for help. Went back into the street, he saw the
man uses a long piece of wood to move the
power line away from the boy. Having freed
of the power line, the boy was picked up and
carried a safe distance away. “Stop people from
coming near the power line!” the man told
Peter. The man then started doing CPR on the
boy. A crowd began to grow, and Peter tried
his best to keep them away from the power
line. Finally, an ambulance and the fire brigade
arrived. The medics began looking after the
boy while fire fighters took care of the power
line. Unable to see what was happening, Peter
was quite worried about the boy. After twenty
minutes, Peter felt happy when he saw the
medics lifting the boy, now is talking, into the
ambulance.

20

25

30
Listening and Speaking

O14

Listen to the conversation about first-aid techniques. Write in the boxes the
order (1-4) in which you hear these situations described.

Listen again and complete the sentences below. Then match the advice to the

pictures in Activity 1.

1 She should sit down and bend forwards slightly, so she doesn’t . Then ask her to
squeeze her nose just below the until the bleeding stops.

2 Stop him from as that makes clothes burn faster. Tell him to
the floor and with a blanket. him on the ground until the
fire goes out. Then treat him for .

3 Ifhe can't ask him to bend forwards and give him on his
back.

4 Get him to and put some on his ankle. Then tell him to

ona chair. Then his ankle.
In groups, discuss these questions.

1 Based on what you have learnt so far, is there anything you would add to the teacher's advice?

2 What other medical emergencies should be discussed in a first-aid class? What advice would you
give for them?

3 How would you deal with a snakebite?

You are going to give a demonstration on first aid. In your groups, choose four
medical emergencies. For each one, assign a member of the group to be a
first-aid instructor, a victim, and a rescuer.

Prepare a script for the first-aid instructor, explaining how the first aid is
given for that medical emergency.

Tips
¢ Remember to use sequence words such as first, next, then, after that, and finally.

e Use simple words to describe the actions. When giving first-aid advice, it is important to
make things clear and easy to understand.

Demonstrate your first-aid lesson to the class. The first-aid instructor should
explain what to do, while the victim and the rescuer should act out the steps.

UNIT5 FIRSTAID ———

91
—— WORKBOOK - OO

Reading and Writing

@) 1 Scan the pages from a home-safety manual below and tick the items that are

included.
bathroom safety bedroom safety sports safety
children’s safety fire safety food safety
kitchen safety safety for old people

IS YOUR HOME SAFE?

Your home can be a dangerous place, but by making it safer you can prevent accidents. The kitchen,
bathroom, and bedroom are where most accidents happen. These can include falls, fires, poisoning,
| cuts, hot water burns, and electric shocks.

Lite KITCHEN

' es People may slip when the floor is wet, so make sure the floor is kept dry.
;se Always cut away from your body when you use a knife.

' Follow instructions for all electrical appliances.

1 s Unplug all appliances after use.

;se Never smoke in bed.

s Keep a lamp near the bed.
;es Have a telephone near the bed, especially when you're feeling ill.
’ e Don't run electrical wires under carpets.

* Don't plug in an electrical appliance or use one while standing in water.
* Don't use a hairdryer near a bath containing water.

s Keep the bathroom floor dry.

° Make sure that your hot water heater is set at a low temperature.

PREVENTING FIRES

Fires can cause terrible damage to your home and terrible injuries to people. If there is a fire, your

first priority is getting everyone out of the house safely, and then calling for help. Never go back into a

burning building to save your things.

: © Buy clothes, curtains, and toys that do not burn easily.

| e Use heaters very carefully, as they can set objects on fire.

Place them away from furniture.

ee When cooking, do not let oil touch the fire or other sources of heat.

ee Check electrical wires a number of times each year to make sure
they are in good condition.

| © Switch off your gas and electricity when you will be away from home

for a long time.

| ® Make sure your home is equipped with fire extinguishers.

92
a 一 -= 一 一 一 : UNIT5 FIRST AID

CHILDREN AND HOME SAFETY

Homes are not always safe places for young children. Being curious, they
may stick their fingers or objects into dangerous places and end up suffering
from electric shocks or getting burnt. In addition, they may try to eat or drink
anything they can find, whether it is food or not. For these reasons, it is
important to make your home safe if you have young children about.

* Keep matches out of the reach of children.

* Store all cleaning materials in a locked cupboard.
Never leave a small child alone in the bath.

¢ Put covers over electrical outlets.

。 Keep all medicines out of the reach of children.

MAKING YOUR HOME SAFE FOR THE ELDERLY

The elderly present special challenges, as they may have trouble
moving about and can be seriously hurt in falls. If you have an
elderly person in your home, you may need to take some extra
measures to make your home safer.

: © Make sure that passages within the home are kept clear.
¢ Put non-slip bath mats in and next to the bath and shower.

¢ Put handrails along passage walls and in the bathroom.

2 Read the pages from the home-safety manual again and answer the questions.

1 What are some common accidents around the house?

2 What should we pay attention to when using electrical appliances at home?
3 What are some good ways to prevent fires at home?

4 What kinds of accidents might be common for children?

5 How can we make our home safer for the elderly?

3 In pairs, discuss reasons for the advice given in the home-safety manual.

1 You should make sure that your hot water heater is set at a low temperature because ...
2 You shouldn't run electrical wires under carpets because ...
3 You shouldn’t use a hairdryer near a bath containing water because ...

4 Write an advice leaflet to make your school safer. Follow the steps below.

1 In groups, brainstorm three places in your school where accidents are most likely to
happen.

2 For each place, make up a list of things or conditions that could easily cause accidents to
happen.

3 Come up with a list of advice for each place, using the imperative (Make sure ..., Keep ...,
Don’t ..., etc.).

4 Nowwrite an advice leaflet. Remember to give a short introduction explaining the function
of the leaflet, and use headers followed by a bullet point for each piece of advice.

93
eee

-一 woRKB00K ——— -

*Expanding Your World

中 Red Cross Facts 中

Founded: In 1863
Type: Non-government organisation (NGO), non-profit organisation (NPO)
Three parts: International Committee of the Red Cross (provides international relief),

National Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (in 190 separate countries),
International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies
(coordinates National Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies)

Staff: 16,000 employees, 97 million volunteers

Mission: To protect the lives and dignity of victims of armed conflict and violence
and to provide them with assistance

HOW ONE MAN MADE A DIFFERENCE

Some people are born with a vision and desire to help others. For other people,
however, this calling comes unexpectedly, like a lion that attacks its prey by
surprise. This was certainly true of Swiss businessman Henry Dunant. In 1859,
Dunant travelled to Italy wanting to see Napoleon Ill, the Emperor of France.
At the age of 31, Dunant was already a successful businessman. However,
he needed the help of Napoleon Ill for one of his business deals. At the time,
France was fighting with the Italian army in a war against Austria. Dunant
knew that Napoleon II! would be with his army in northern Italy, so he travelled
to the city of Solferino to look for him.

Dunant arrived on the night of 24 June and found a battlefield filled with 40,000
dead and wounded soldiers. Dunant was horrified by the scene and was filled with
compassion for the wounded men. At once, Dunant forgot all about seeing Napoleon Ill and began
attending to the wounded men. In the days that followed, he led local people in helping take care of
the wounded and dying. They looked after the soldiers without regard to country or uniform, saying,
“All are brothers!” After all the wounded in Solferino had either died or been taken away, Dunant
went to military hospitals and continued to act as a volunteer, helping as best as he could.

When Dunant returned to Switzerland the following month, he wrote a book about his experience
called A Memory of Solferino. The book ends with a simple question: “Would it not be possible, in
time of peace and quiet, to form relief societies for the purpose of having care given to the wounded
in wartime by zealous, devoted, and thoroughly qualified volunteers?” This
question eventually led to the forming of the International Committee of the
Red Cross in 1863.

The first act of the Red Cross was to organise an international conference
| (the Geneva Convention) where countries adopted guidelines and
measures for protecting the wounded and medical workers during and
after battles. In the years since then, the Red Cross has been active in just

94
about every war, helping to care for both soldiers and civilians. While
the Red Cross is mostly tasked with helping people in times of war, |
it also responds to natural disasters and gives aid to people who
have to leave their homes. For example, the Red Cross provided
aid and relief after the May 2008 Wenchuan Earthquake in Sichuan, 3
China.

All around the world, the Red Cross continues to help civilians
caught in war, providing medical assistance, feeding the needy,
and offering many other types of aid. To help meet the need for aid, most countries have National R Red
Cross and Red Crescent Societies. Not only do these societies provide support to Red Cross efforts in
other countries, but they also help prepare their own communities for disasters, provide medical services,
and teach first-aid and life-saving techniques.

Much of the work done by volunteers and workers in the Red Cross is difficult. They tend to work
in places of crisis, where there is war, conflict, or disaster, and where conditions are quite poor.
However, their work is also both rewarding and important. They provide food, shelter, medical
supplies, and medical care to those in need. They help prepare communities and gather supplies
and materials for future disasters. And, in many cases, they remain at work even after conflicts and
disasters have passed, and lead development efforts.

Sometimes the work is even dangerous. Since 1993, about 40 workers for the International Red
Cross have been killed. However, Red Cross workers think that it is worth it. As one Red Cross
volunteer said, “We are the Red Cross—we will be there. No matter how hard it is, we will be there.”

Most of the people who receive help from the Red Cross are very grateful for the help, and some
even want to return the favour and help others now that they themselves have received help. For
example, Salaymana is now a volunteer with the Italian Red Cross. In 2016, he escaped from
conflict in his home country in Africa by getting on a boat to Italy. Crossing the Mediterranean in a
small boat was very hard, and many of the people who travelled with him died during the journey.
However, when Salaymana arrived in Italy, the first people he met were Red Cross volunteers, who
gave him food, medical attention, a place to stay, and much needed comfort. As Salaymana said
later, “| am very happy now. They are my brothers, and the Red Cross is always in my heart.”

Dunant himself gave up everything he had to help others. His business failed because he was too
busy a his wor in the Bes ee Then Sg had to leave the Red Cross because of a personal
: i s conflict. Despite this, he continued to work as a
i volunteer, helping provide relief to people caught
| up in war. In the end, he lost all his money, fell
| ill, and had to be taken in by a charity. By this
| time, the Red Cross had become famous, but
| he was mostly forgotten. In the last years of his
life, though, he was discovered by a newspaper
| reporter. From then on, he was celebrated around
| the world as the man responsible for saving many
thousands of lives. Though he is long gone, his
| spirit continues with us until this day.

95

Appendices 附录
Notes 注释

f Unit 1
1 John Snow Defeats “King Cholera” “038 - 斯 诺 战 胜 “ 霍 乱 王 ”

约翰 :斯 诺 (1813 一 1858 )， 英 国医 生 ，19 世 纪 50 年 代 因 其 对 霍乱 病源 的 研究 和 贡献 享誉 世界 医
学 界 ， 被 公认 为 流行 病 学 芮 基 人 之 一 。 斯 诺 1836 年 起 接受 正规 医科 教育 ，1844 年 毕业 于 伦敦 大 学 。
1854 年 伦敦 霍乱 流行 ， 斯 诺 通过 研究 霍乱 病死 者 的 日 常生 活 情况 ， 发 现 了 霍乱 与 饮用 不 洁 水 的 关系 。
在 他 的 呼吁 下 ， 政 府 及 时 关闭 了 不 洁 水 源 ， 有 效 制 止 了 霍乱 的 流行 。 虽 然 斯 诺 没有 发 现 导致 霍乱 的 病原
体 ， 但 他 创造 性 地 使 用 空间 统计 学 查找 到 传染 源 ， 并 以 此 证 明了 这 种 方法 的 价值 。 今 天 ， 绘 制 地 图 已 成
为 医学 地 理学 及 传染 病 学 中 一 种 基本 的 研究 方法 。“ 斯 诺 的 霍乱 地 图 ”成 了 一 个 经 典 案例 。

2 the City of Science and Industry 科学 工业 城

法 国 巴黎 科学 工业 城 并 非 一 个 城市 ， 而 是 一 座 巨大 的 科学 博物 馆 ， 位 于 巴黎 东北 部 的 维 莱特 公
(La Villette Park) 内 ， 因 此 也 称 作 “ 巴 黎 维 莱特 科学 工业 城 ”，1986 年 启用 。 该 博物 馆 的 展览 由 常设
展 馆 和 临时 性 主题 展 两 大 部 分 组 成 ， 以 丰富 多 样 的 展览 内 容 而 著称 。 法 国 还 曾 为 该 博物 馆 发 行 纪念

邮票 。

ED

3 Today, | want to talk to you about a very strange phenomenon called a non-
Newtonian fluid. 今天 ， 我 想 和 大 家 谈 谈 一 个 被 称 作 “ 非 牛顿 流体 ”的 十 分 怪异 的 现象 。

非 牛顿 流体 ( non-Newtonian fluid ) 是 物理 学 名 词 。1687 年 ， 英 国 科学 家 和 牛顿 发 表 牛顿 黏 性 实验 定
律 。 后 来 ， 人们 通过 研究 发 现 这 一 定律 对 那些 低 分 子 量 的 简单 流体 适用 ， 而 对 具有 高 分 子 量 的 流体 并 不
适用 。 人 们 把 适用 于 该 定律 的 流体 称 作 “牛顿 流体 ”， 反 之 称 作 “ 非 牛顿 流体 ”。 非 牛顿 流体 广泛 存在
于 人 体 、 生 活 、 生 产 和 大 自然 之 中 ， 如 : 石油 、 泥 浆 、 牙 膏 、 番 茄 汁 、 面 团 、 人 体 的 血液 等 都 属于 非 牛
顿 流体 。

non- 是 形容 词 、 名 词 和 副词 前 缀 ， 意 为 “ 非 ; 否 ; 无 "， 英 国 英语 拼写 多 带 连 字 符 ， 也 有 不 带 连 字
符 的 情况 ， 美 国 英语 拼写 常 不 带 连 字符 。 如 ;

non-ltalian food 非 意大利 食品

non-smoking zone 禁烟 区

non-smoker 非 吸烟 者

nonsense 胡说 八道 ; 胡言 乱 语 ; 一 派 胡 言

【思考 】 你 还 能 举 出 其 他 以 non- 为 前 缀 、 表 示 否 定 的 词语 吗 ?

4 Perhaps no other scientist has had a greater impact on China’s aerospace science
than Qian Xuesen. 也 许 再 没有 哪 一 位 科学 家 比 钱学森 对 中 国航 天 科学 的 影响 更 大 了 。

钱学森 (1911 一 2009 )， 享 誉 海内 外 的 杰出 科学 家 ， 我 国 导弹 、 原 子弹 和 人 造 卫 星 研 究 领 域 的 开拓
者 ， 航 天 科学 的 黄 基 人 。1991 年 国务 院 、 中 央 军 委 授予 他 “国家 杰出 贡献 科学 家 ”荣誉 称号 和 “一 级
英雄 模范 奖章 ”， 以 表彰 他 对 我 国 科技 事业 作出 的 杰出 贡献 。1999 年 中 共 中 央 、 国 务 院 、 中 央 军 委 作出
决定 ， 授 予 钱学森 “两 弹 一 星 功勋 奖章 ”。

5 Described by the authors of the Story of Qian Xuesen asa man with “great scientific
thought and scientific spirit” who was patriotic and served his homeland with

effort, achievement, and devotion, Qian was an extremely well-respected man. 钱 学
森 备 受 人 们 的 尊敬 , 《钱学森 的 故事 》 一 书 的 作者 称 他 为 一 位 具有 “伟大 科学 思想 和 科学 精神 WA, #
且 他 热爱 祖国 、 甘 于 奉献 、 成 就 斐 然 。

96
这 个 句子 虽 长 ， 但 结构 较为 明确 。 它 的 主 句 较 短 ， 为 Qian was an extremely well-respected man,
被 一 个 过 去 分 词 短语 所 修饰 ， 用 作 状 语 。 该 过 去 分 词 短语 包含 一 个 修饰 名 词 man 的 定语 从 句 who was
patriotic and served his homeland with effort, achievement, and devotion。 此 处 a man 后 面 的 介词 短语
with “great scientific thought and scientific spirit” 用 作 定语 ， 它 把 定语 从 句 与 先行 词 ( man ) DFT.
又 如 :

Do you know much about that lady with long curly blonde hair who gave us a talk two weeks ago?

你 对 两 周 前 给 我 们 做 报告 的 那 位 留 着 长 长 黄色 县 发 的 女士 了 解 多 吗 ?

the Dongfeng missiles “东风 ”导弹

“东风 ”导弹 是 我 国 于 20 世 纪 50 年 代 后 期 开始 自主 研发 的 一 系列 近 程 、 中 远程 和 洲际 弹道 导弹 。
此 处 所 提 及 的 “东风 ”导弹 ” 特 指 由 钱学森 所 负责 研发 的 早期 “东风 ”系列 导弹 ， 因 此 钱学森 被 从 为
“中 国 导弹 之 父 ”。

Stephen Hawking 史蒂芬 . 霍金

RBI. 霍金 (1942 一 2018 )， 英 国 著名 物理 学 家 、 宇 宙 学 家 、 数 学 家 。 生 前 曾 在 英国 剑桥 大 学 担任
卢 卡 斯 数学 教授 ( 国际 数学 领域 极 具 声 望 的 教授 职衔 )， 被 认为 是 继 爱 因 斯 坦 之 后 最 杰出 的 理论 物理 学 家
之 一 。1963 年 ，21 岁 的 霍金 被 诊断 患 有 肌肉 萎缩 性 侧 索 硬 化 症 ， 即 运动 神经 细胞 病 ， 从 此 ， 霍 金 便 不 断
与 疾病 斗争 、 挑 战 自我 、 奉 献 社会 ， 是 人 类 身 残 志 坚 的 典范 。 他 著 有 《时 间 简 史 》(A4 Brief History of Time )
等 著作 ， 对 宇宙 黑洞 有 独到 的 见地 和 研究 。

Unit 2

The first time that she had to write an essay, her tutor explained that she must
acknowledge what other people had said if she cited their ideas, but that he mainly
wanted to know what she thought! 她 第 一 次 写 论文 时 ， 导 师 跟 她 解释 说 ， 如 果 引 用 别人 的 观点
就 一 定 要 注 明 ， 不 过 导师 主要 是 想 知道 她 自己 是 怎么 想 的 。

这 个 长 句 的 主干 是 “ 主 谓 宾 ”结构 : her tutor explained that .….。 句 首 的 The first time that … 是 时
间 状 语 。 主 句 谓 语 动词 explained 后 面 是 两 个 that 引导 的 宾语 从 名 that she must acknowledge ... #1 bu
that he mainly wanted …。 在 第 一 个 宾语 从 句 中 ， 谓 语 动 词 acknowledge 后 跟 一 个 宾语 从 句 what other
people had said 和 一 个 状语 从 名 if she cited their ideas; 在 第 二 个 宾语 从 句 中 ， 从 句 what she though
作 动 词 不 定式 to know 的 宾语 。

这 里 谢 荤 的 导师 提 到 了 科研 和 论文 写作 中 需要 特别 注意 的 两 个 方面 ， 一 是 尊重 知识 产权 、 注 意 引
规范 ， 二 是 要 独立 思考 ， 有 自己 的 见解 ， 不 可 人 云 亦 云 。

在 正式 发 表 的 论文 或 著作 中 ， 通 常 都 会 包含 专门 的 “致谢 ”( acknowledgements ) 部 分 。 我 们 之 前
还 学 过 acknowledge 表 示 “ 承 认 (BR. MAS); (AA) 感谢 ”的 用 法 ， 见 如 下 例句 :

They paid the fine and acknowledged their mistake. 他 们 交 了 罚款 ， 并 承认 了 错误 。

| gratefully acknowledge financial support from several local businesses. 我 对 本 地 几 家 企业 的 资助 表
示 感 谢 。

At first, Xie Lei had no idea what she should say, but what surprised her was that
she found herself speaking up in class after just a few weeks. 刚 开 始 ， 谢 蔷 不 知道 该 说
什么 。 但 使 她 惊奇 的 是 ， 没 过 几 周 ， 她 就 能 在 课堂 上 大 胆 发 言 了 。

此 句 中 包含 三 个 从 句 ， 第 一 个 是 what 引导 的 同位 语 从 句 what she should say， 说 明 idea 的 具体 内
容 ， 第 二 个 从 句 what surprised her 是 主语 从 句 ， 第 三 个 从 句 that she found herself ... a few weeks 是 表
语 从 句 。
what 引导 的 从 句 常 在 句 中 作 主 语 或 宾语 。 如 :

SS 一 - — Notes

97
—— Appendices 一

98

What made the teachers happy was not power money, or fame, but rather the accomplishments of
their students. 让 老师 感到 幸福 的 不 是 权力 、 金 钱 或 名 声 ， 而 是 学 生 的 成 就 。
| don’t quite understand what you said. 我 没 太 听 懂 你 说 的 话 。

“speak up" 意 思 是 “大 声 讲 ; 畅所欲言 ; 清楚 地 表明 看 法 ” 。 如 :
Please speak up. We can’t hear you at the back. 请 大 点 声 讲 ， 我 们 在 后 面 听 不 见 。
If you thought that wasn’t fair, why didn’t you speak up? 如 果 你 认为 那 不 公 平 ， 为 什么 不 说 出 来 ?

【 思考 】up 构成 的 短语 很 多 ， 如 : eat up. cut up, fix up. turn up, set up. cheer up, 你 知道 它们
的 意思 吗 ? 你 还 知道 哪些 含有 up 的 短语 ?

Now halfway through her exchange year, Xie Lei feels much more at home in the UK. 现在
一 年 的 交流 时 间 已 过 半 ， 谢 蕾 感 到 她 在 英国 的 学 习 和 生活 自如 多 了 。

此 处 halfway through 的 意思 是 “在 ……: 中 间 ; 在 …… 中 途 ; 到 …… 的 一 半 ”“。 如 :
They left halfway through the meeting. 他 们 在 会 议 进 行 到 一 半 时 离 场 了 。
We're about halfway through the project. 这 个 项 目 我 们 差不多 完成 了 一 半 。

feel at home 意思 相当 于 feel relaxed and comfortable， 即 “感觉 到 舒服 、 自 在 ”， 例 如 :
They made me feel right at home my first day at the new job. 上 班 工作 第 一 天 ， 他 们 就 让 我 觉得 很
az.

While I’m learning about business, I’m also acting as a cultural messenger building a
bridge between us. 我 攻读 商科 的 同时 也 是 一 个 文化 使 者 ， 在 中 外 文化 之 间架 起 了 一 座 桥梁 。

句 中 的 while 引 导 时 间 状 语 从 句 ， 表 示 “ 同 时 ， 另 一 方面 ; MA”, RM:
While the book will be welcomed by scholars, it will make an immediate appeal to the general
reader. 这 本 书 会 受到 学 者 的 欢迎 ， 同 时 也 会 很 快 引起 一 般 读者 的 兴趣 。

Tuition fees and living expenses are much more expensive than at home and could end
up costing most families an arm and a leg. 学 费 和 生活 开销 比 国内 贵 多 了 ， 多 数 家 庭 最 终 可 能 会 花
费 一 大 笔 钱 。

cost an arm and a leg 是 英语 习 语 ， 意 思 是 “( 使 ) 花 一 大 笔 钱 ” ， 即 “非常 昂贵 ” ， 多 用 于 非 正式
文体 。 如 :

Travelling does not need to cost an arm and a leg if you know where to look for discounts. 如 果 你 知
道 哪里 能 找到 折扣 ， 旅 行 不 需要 花 一 大 笔 钱 。

| can hardly think of buying a house because it costs an arm and a leg! 买房 子 我 想 都 不 敢 想 ， 因 为
BART!

end up 尤 指 经 历 一 系列 意外 后 “最 终 处 于 ( 某 种 境地 ); 到 头 来 "， 常 用 于 表达 不 希望 或 预想 不 到
的 情况 。 如 :

He ended up (living) in a nursing home. 他 最 终 在 养老 院 度 过 了 余生 。

My friend came round for a cup of tea and we ended up having a big meal together 我 朋友 是 来 喝 茶
的 ， 到 后 来 我 们 却 一 起 吃 了 顿 大 餐 。

Some may struggle and suffer from culture shock when learning how to behave in new
surroundings. 在 学 习 如 何在 新 环境 中 得 体 举 止 时 ， 有 些 人 可 能 会 感到 吃力 ， 并 承受 文化 冲击 的 折磨 。

culture shock 意 为 “文化 冲击 ; 文化 冲突 ; 文化 休克 ”， 指 一 个 人 初 到 陌生 国家 或 全 新 环境 后 所 产
生 的 某 种 陌生 、 困 惑 或 不 适 感 。 除 了 与 suffer from 拱 配 ， 还 可 以 说 experience culture shock, encounter
culture shock。 如 :

一 Notes ——

Russia is where Jeff first experienced real culture shock. 俄罗斯 是 让 杰 夫 第 一 次 真正 感受 到 文化 冲
击 的 地 方 。

After coming to China, Kevin encountered difficult culture shock and didn’t know how to handle it.
RHR, SSGeE TREMOR, RASTA.

【 思考 】 你 认为 来 中 国学 习 的 外 国 留学 生 会 遇 到 什么 样 的 文化 冲击 ?

7 To sum up, one cannot deny the fact that studying abroad has its disadvantages .… 总 之 ，
出 国 留学 有 不 利 的 一 面 ， 这 个 事实 是 不 可 否认 的 ……

to sum up 意思 是 “总 之 ; 概括 地 说 ”， 常 用 于 句子 的 开头 , 后面 用 逗号 与 其 他 成 分 隔 开 ， 表 示 对 前
面 所 述 内 容 的 小 结 。 如 :

To sum up, living in the school dormitory is better than living outside the campus. 总 之 ， 住 在 学 校 宿
合 比 住 在 校园 外 更 好 。

在 英语 中 ， 类 似 的 表达 方式 还 有 in closing, in brief. in a word, in short, all in all, in conclusion,
in summary

8 Cooperating with people from diverse cultural backgrounds helps us view the world
from different angles and thus gives us more insight into our own culture. 与 来 自 不 同文 化
背景 的 人 合作 有 助 于 我 们 从 不 同 的 视角 看 待 世界 ， 进 而 让 我 们 对 自己 的 文化 有 更 深入 的 了 解 。

本 句 中 动词 -pg 短语 cooperating with ... 作 主 语 。view 在 句 中 是 动词 ， 意 思 是 “看 ， 观 看 ; 把 ……:
MA, Whe Be”, MM:

When the car was first built, the design was viewed as highly original. 这 种 车 刚 造 出 来 时 ， 其 设计 被
认为 是 独具匠心 。

People came from all over the world to view her work. 人 们 从 世界 各 地 赶 来 观看 她 的 作品 。

I Unit 3
1 Chinese cuisine 中 国 菜肴

我 国 地 域 辽阔 ， 各 地 不 同 的 地 理气 候 、 食 材 资源 以 及 人 们 的 饮食 习惯 ， 造 就 了 各 具 特 色 的 地 方 菜
系 。 我 国民 间 训 饪 有 “八大 菜系 ”之 说 ， 指 鲁 菜 、 川 菜 、 湘 菜 、 苏 菜 ( 又 称 “ 淮 扬 菜 ” )、 浙 菜 、 粤 菜 、
各 有 一 整套 自 成 体系 的 训 饪 技艺 和 风味 特点 。 此 外 ， 还 有 一 些 更 加 具体 化 的 或 按 地 域 划分
的 菜系 ， 如 “潮州 菜 " “本 帮 菜 ( 上 海 菜 “东北 菜 "”“ 客 家 菜 ”“ 陕 菜 ” 等 。

走 遍 中 国 ， 各 地 风味 名 吃 不 胜 枚 举 ， 千 滋 百味 的 名 乌 佳 着 折射 出 我 国 悠久 的 饮食 传统 和 鲜明 的 地 域
特色 。 可 见 ， 菜 着 不 仅仅 是 饮食 ， 同 样 也 是 一 种 文化 。 在 国外 ， 尤 其 是 西方 ， 中 国 菜 着 也 成 为 人 们 了 解
我 国文 化 的 一 个 窗口 。

i
#
=
at

2 Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin it - 安泰 尔 姆 布 里 亚 - 萨 瓦 兰

让 安泰 尔 姆 . 布 里 亚 - 萨 瓦 兰 (1755 一 1826 )， 法 国 律师 、 政 治 家 。 他 出 身 于 律师 世家 ， 曾 在 法 国
大 革命 时 期 的 制 完 议 会 任职 ， 革 命 失败 后 流亡 瑞士 和 美国 。1796 年 他 重新 回 到 自己 的 祖国 ， 在 人 生 的
最 后 25 年 中 潜心 笔耕 ， 完 成 经 典 名著 《 厨 房 里 的 哲学 家 》。 该 书 以 故事 的 形式 讲述 美食 及 其 背后 的 文化
哲理 ， 书 中 不 少 语句 成 为 后 人 争 相 引 用 的 哲理 名 言 。 课 文 所 引 “Tell me what you eat, and | will tell you
what you are,” 便 是 其 中 之 一 。

3 You are what you eat. 人 如 其 食 。

这 是 一 名 西方 谚语 ， 是 指 一 个 人 所 吃 的 食物 对 其 性 格 和 文化 涵养 有 着 重要 的 影响 。 但 现在 人 们 常用
它 来 谈论 饮食 健康 或 就 这 一 方面 提出 忠告 。 如 :
Gina often looks pale and ill, but you are what you eat and she never bothers to eat a proper meal.

99
sit

100

—— Appendices : - ~

EMRRABLABAME, PARR, RMRA—iMWissi—Hik.

You are what you eat and Jim should give up eating so much fat; he’s already had a minor heart
attack. 你 吃 什么 样 的 东西 就 有 什么 样 的 结果 ! 吉姆 应 当 戒 掉 大 吃 油腻 食物 ( 的 习惯 )， 他 都 已 经 有 轻 度
心脏 病 了 。

General Tso’s chicken 左 公鸡 ; 左 宗 棠 甜 辣 鸡

北美 地 区 的 知名 中 餐 菜 着 ， 主 料 为 鸡 块 ， 油 前 后 色泽 金黄 ， 配 以 红色 尖 椒 ， 味 甜 略 辣 ， 亦 有 不 辣 的
做 法 。 菜 名 中 的 “General Tso”( 左 将 军 ; AAA) 特 指 我 国 历史 中 的 清朝 官员 左 宗 棠 ， 但 并 无 证 据 显
示 此 菜 着 与 左 宗 棠 本 人 有 直接 的 关联 。

Tired, hungry, and not knowing a word of Chinese, we had no idea how to order, so
the chef just began filling our table with the best food we had ever eaten. XAXH,
一 个 汉字 也 不 认识 ， 我 们 压根 儿 不 知道 如 何 点 餐 ， 于 是 厨师 在 我 们 桌 上 摆 满 了 食物 ， 那 是 我 们 吃 过 的 最
可 口 的 佳肴。

此 处 Tired, hungry, and not knowing a word of Chinese 为 we had no idea how to order 的 状语 ， 表 示 当
时 “我 们 ”所 处 的 状态 。 同 时 ， 前 面 的 部 分 又 和 so the chef just began ... 相 并 列 ， 表 达 因果 关系 。

在 Tired, hungry and not knowing a word of Chinese 这 个 短语 中 ，and 并 列 连接 了 形容 词 和 现在 分 词 短
语 。 英 语 中 ， 形 容 词 、 分 词 以 及 由 它们 构成 的 短语 常 可 用 作 状 语 。 如 :

Shocked and frightened, she let the glass fall from her hand. 受到 惊吓 ， 她 摔 掉 了 手中 的 杯子 。

Busy with his work, he’s got no time for chatting with us. 忙于 工作 ， 他 没有 时 间 跟 我 们 闲聊 。

Practising hard in such a way, my little sister made rapid improvement in her handwriting. 如 此 刻苦 地 练

习 ， 我 小 妹妹 的 书法 进步 很 快 。

dim sum 点 心

这 是 由 广东 话 谐音 进入 英语 的 典型 词语 。 英 语 是 一 门 比较 开放 的 语言 ， 广 泛 地 从 各 种 语言 中 借词 丰
富 自己 。 我 国 海外 侨民 对 汉语 词语 进入 英语 起 着 最 为 直接 和 主要 的 推动 作用 。 英 文 词典 中 直接 可 查 到
的 源 于 中 文 的 饮食 词汇 有 chop suey( 炒 杂烩 )、chow mein( 炒面 )、tofu( 豆腐 )、lycheeylitchi( 荔枝 )、
wonton (soup)( *#t# ) 等 。

【 思考 】 英 语 中 还 有 很 多 源 于 中 文 的 词语 ， 你 还 知道 哪些 ? 请 举 几 个 例子 。

haggis( 苏格兰 ) 羊 杂 碎 肚 ; 羊 肚 杂碎 包

苏格兰 独 有 的 传统 风味 佳 着 ， 将 有 章 碎 的 羊 心 、 肺 等 内 脏 或 搅 碎 的 小 牛肉 与 燕麦 、 洋 葱 、 香 辛 料 秘 制
成 馅 ， 用 羊 肚 包 成 球状 ， 然 后 囊 熟 食用 。 颇 受 当地 居民 欢迎 ， 也 是 游客 体验 苏格兰 美食 的 首选 。

However, there is increasing evidence that the real driver of poor health is not so
much fatty food, as it is sugar. 然而 ， 越 来 越 多 的 证 据 表 明 ， 不 良 健康 的 真正 推手 并 非 脂肪 类 食物 ，

而 是 糖 。

此 处 driver 源 于 动词 drive。 该 动词 有 “推动 ; 驱使 ”的 意思 。 如 :
Do you know what has driven him to do such a thing to you? 你 知道 什么 驱使 他 对 你 做 出 这 样 的 事
情 吧 ?

英语 后 缀 -er 不 仅 可 以 表示 “人 ”， 也 可 表示 “事物 " 。 此 处 driver 即 为 “推手 ”的 意思 。 在 日 常生
活 中 ，driver 多 指 screwdriver( 螺丝 刀 )， 在 信息 技术 领域 ，driver 指 “启动 程序 ” 等。 可见，driver 在 不
同 语 域 下 意义 相差 较 大 。
as it is 是 一 种 语言 衔接 结构 ， 意 为 “事实 上 ;实际 情况 是 "， 多 用 来 陈述 一 种 原因 或 状况 ， 尤 其 是

当 该 原因 或 状况 与 你 的 预期 或 期 待 存在 不 同时 。 如 :
They hoped to move into the new house by the end of this month, but as it is they' probably have
to wait a bit longer. 他 们 原 期 望 本 月 底 能 够 搬 进 新 居 的 ， 但 实际 情况 是 很 可 能 得 再 稍 等 一 段 时 间 了 。

9 This is true regardless of how healthy the rest of their diet might be. 无 论 他 们 其 他 方面
的 饮食 多 么 健康 ， 都 确实 如 此 。

regardless of 是 固定 短语 ， 意 为 “不 顾 ; AB; 无 论 ; 不 分 ”， 用 作 状 语 。 如 :

He always does what he wants, regardiess of what we say to him. 他 总 是 我 行 我 素 ， 根 本 不 听 我 们
对 他 说 的 话 。

Anybody is welcome to have a try, regardless of age and sex. 欢迎 大 家 上 前 一 试 ， 不 分 年 龄 和 性 别 。

10 If you are using food mostly for nutrition, then you are on the right track with your
diet. 如 果 你 吃饭 主要 是 为 了 汲取 营养 ， 那 么 你 已 经 在 饮食 方面 走 对 了 路 子 。

be on the right/wrong track 是 固定 短语 ， 表 示 思 路 或 行为 方式 正确 与 否 。 如 :

The results of the experiment seem to suggest we're on the right track. 实验 结论 似乎 表明 我 们 的 做
法 是 对 的 。

This time you're on the right track. Keep on, | guess you'll soon get the answer. 这 次 你 走 对 了 路 子 。
加 油 ! 我 看 你 很 快 就 会 得 出 答案 了 。

§ Unit 4

1 When the train arrived at the station, they took a taxi to Lake Louise, where the
blue water literally took their breath away with its exceptional beauty. 火车 抵达 后 ，
她 们 乘坐 出 租车 来 到 路 易 斯 湖 ， 那 里 湛蓝 的 湖水 异常 美丽 ， 令 她 们 惊叹 不 已 。

take sb's breath away 字面 意思 是 “ 令 人 无 法 呼吸 ”， 常 用 来 比喻 “( 美景 等 ) 令 人 非常 兴奋 或
RIF” 。

lterally 本 意 是 “ 照 字面 意思 ”， 引 申 出 “确实 地 "”“ 真 正 地 ”等 意义 ， 常 用 于 表达 强调 或 夸张 的 语
气 。 如 :

The word “planet” literally means “wandering body” . “行星 ” 这 个 词 的 字面 意思 是 “游荡 着 的 物体 ”。

The incident literally stopped the traffic. 这 个 事件 的 确 使 交通 陷于 停顿 。

You’re taking his words too literally. 你 这 样 理 解 他 的 话 ， 未 免 太 机 械 了 。

2 They spent the night, and then took a coach bound north through the Canadian
Rockies to Jasper. 她 们 过 了 一 夜 ， 然 后 乘坐 长 途 汽车 ， 向 北 穿越 加 拿 大 的 落 基 山脉 ， 来 到 机 斯 珀 。

句 中 的 bound 是 形容 词 ， 用 在 名 词 后 面 ， 意 思 是 “准备 前 往 …… 的 ; AE BN". 如 ;
She was on a plane bound for Moscow when she got sick. 她 犯 病 时 正在 前 往 莫斯科 的 飞机 上 。

表达 这 种 含义 的 bound 还 常用 作 复合 词 后 缀 。 如 :

Northbound traffic is moving very slowly because of the accident. 由 于 交通 事故 ， 北 去 的 车 辆 移动
非常 缓慢 。

The line did not close completely, but inbound and outbound trains had to share one of the two

tracks near the station. 铁路 线 没有 全 部 关闭 ， 但 进 站 和 出 站 的 列车 只 能 共用 车 站 附近 两 条 轨道 中 的 一 条 。

3 From Edmonton, the train headed southeast across the great Canadian Prairie. 列车
从 埃 德 蒙 顿 出 发 ， 朝 东南 方向 一 路 驶 过 加 拿 大 大 草原 。

head 在 这 里 作 不 及 物 动词 ， 意 为 “ 朝 ( 某 方向 ) 行进 " 。 如 :

101
—— Appendices : —_ i 一 一 = ws _ - —_

102

Where are you heading? 你 要 去 哪里 ?
He stood up and headed for the door 他 站 起 来 ， 朝 门口 走 去 。

加 拿 大 大 草原 ( the great Canadian Prairie ) 是 北美 大 草原 在 加 拿 大 境内 的 部 分 ， 位 于 加 拿 大 西南
部 的 草原 三 省 一 盖 艾 伯 塔 、 萨 斯 喀 彻 和 马 尼 托 巴 ( Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba )。 从 加 拿 大 西部
的 埃 德 蒙 顿 ( Edmonton ) 出 发 乘 火车 去 东部 的 哈 利 法 克 斯 ( Halifax )， 正 好 穿 过 加 拿 大 大 草原 。

【 思考 | 你 还 学 过 哪些 像 head 这 样 既 可 以 作 名 词 ， 也 可 以 作 动 词 的 词汇 ? 请 举 出 几 个 例子 。

After Li Daiyu and her cousin arrived in Toronto, the largest and wealthiest city in
Canada, they only had a few hours to kill before they had to proceed to the next leg
of their tripe to Montreal, so they went on a tour of the city. FR FURRKASCZRt
加 拿 大 最 大 、 最 富有 的 城市 后 ， 离 出 发 到 下 一 站 蒙特 利 尔 之 前 只 有 几 个 小 时 的 时 间 ， 她 们 就 在 多 伦 多 和 逛
TH

多 伦 多 ， 安 大 略 省 首府 ， 加 拿 大 第 一 大 城市 和 主要 经 济 、 文 化 中 心 ， 加 拿 大 华人 最 多 的 城市 。

蒙特 利 尔 ， 加 拿 大 第 二 大 城市 ， 位 于 魁北克 省 (Quebec) 南部 ， 是 魁北克 省 的 经 济 、 文 化 中 心 和
要 港口 。 由 于 历史 原因 ， 魁 北 克 省 居民 以 法 帘 为 主 ， 半 数 以 上 的 居民 会 讲法 语 和 英语 ， 官 方 语言 为 法
语 ， 是 北美 也 区 的 法 语文 化 中 心 和 多 文化 交融 的 地 区 。

Standing in the distance, they were astonished to see misty clouds rising from the
great Niagara Falls, which is on the south side of the lake. 她 们 站 在 远 处 姚 望 ， 看 到 湖 的
南边 从 尼亚加拉 大 瀑布 上 升腾 而 起 的 水 雳 ， 感 到 非常 震撼 。

己 亚 加 拉 瀑布 位 于 尼亚加拉 河上 ， 以 河面 落差 大 、 水 势 澎 涛 而 闻名 。 该 瀑布 位 于 美国 和 加 拿 大 的 交
界 处 ， 东 边 美国 境内 部 分 称 为 亚 美 利 亚 瀑布 ， 西 边 加 拿 大 境内 部 分 呈 马 蹄 形 ， 故 称 为 马蹄 瀑布 ， 整 个 瀑
布 流 面 宽 约 1000 米 。

They met Lin Fei around dusk over dinner at a restaurant in downtown Chinatown.
BEND, HRB He A RAEI E LI R.

多 伦 多 的 唐人 街 颇具 规模 ， 最 著名 的 唐人 街 位 于 Spadina 和 Dundas 街 一 带 ， 街 道 两 边 大 小 商铺 中
富有 中 国 特色 的 商品 琳琅 满目 。 人 们 在 这 里 不 仅 可 以 品尝 到 各 种 口味 地 道 的 中 国 菜 ， 每 逢 中 国 传统 节
日 ， 还 能 体验 舞 龙 舞 狮 等 庆祝 活动 。

【 思考 】 在 这 个 句子 中 ， 你 能 划分 出 几 个 词 块 呢 ?

Unit 5

Burns are divided into three types, depending on the depth of skin damage. 根据 皮肤 损
伤 的 深度 ， 烧 伤 或 烫伤 可 分 为 三 种 类 型 。

burn 既 可 用 作 动词 ， 又 可 用 作 名 词 ， 表 示 太阳 、 热 、 酸 等 造成 的 烧伤 、 烫 伤 、 灼 伤 等 。 如 :

Avoid direct sunlight, especially around midday, or you will get burnt. 避免 阳光 直射 ， 尤 其 是 正午 的
时 候 ， 否 则 你 会 晒 伤 的 。

| burnt myself on the stove. 我 被 炉子 汤 了 。

The soup is hot. Don’t burn your mouth. 汤 很 热 ， 当 心 别 汤 着 嘴 。

【 思考 】 你 能 用 burn 作 名 词 造 几 个 句子 吗 ? 你 能 列举 更 多 单词 ， 说 明 英语 中 一 词 多 义 、 一 词 多 词性
的 现象 吗 ?

一 — Notes

understand text types 了 解 语 篇 类 型

主要 的 语 篇 类 型 包括 口头 和 书面 语 篇 ， 以 及 不 同 的 文体 形式 ， 如 记叙 文 ( 个 人 经 历 、 人 物 介绍 、 短
篇 小 说 、 童 话 、 传 记 等 )、 说 明文 ( 地 点 、 事 物 、 产 品 介绍 、 现 象 说 明 、 事 理 阐 释 、 使 用 手册 等 )、 议
论文 ( 论说 文 、 评 论 等 )、 应 用 文 ( 日 记 、 信 件 、 简 历 、 宣 传 册 、 问 卷 、 工 作 计划 等 )， 还 包括 新 闻 报
道 、 新 媒体 语 篇 ( 博客 、 知 识 或 科普 类 网 页 、 电 子 邮 件 、 手 机 短信 )、 访 谈 或 对 话 等 连续 性 文本 ， 以 及
录 或 指南 、 表 格 与 图 示 、 日 程 表 、 告 示 牌 、 地 图 和 图 例 、 菜 单 和 训 调 食谱 、 天 气 预报 、 广 告 、 漫 画 等
非 连续 性 文本 。 熟 悉 不 同类 型 语 篇 的 结构 和 语言 特点 不 仅 有 助 于 加 深 对 语 篇 意义 的 理解 ， 而 且 可 以 更 好
地 使 用 不 同类 型 的 语 篇 进行 有 效 表 达 和 交流 。

【 思考 】 你 熟悉 哪些 语 篇 类 型 ? 你 能 说 说 它们 的 特点 吗 ?

learn to call emergency services 学 习 拨打 应 急 服务 电话

全

急救 电话 (an emergency call) 是 危急 时 刻 的 生命 热线 。 不 同 国家 的 急救 电话 号 码 不 同 ， 事 先 了 解 相
关 信息 非常 必要 。 在 遇 到 紧急 情况 拨打 急救 电话 时 ， 我 们 应 该 注意 以 下 几 点 ;

。 保持 镇 定 ， 说 话 尽 量 清晰 、 简 练 ;

。 清晰 准确 地 说 明 地 址 ( 最 好 能 提供 交通 路 线 或 周边 参照 物 )， 以 及 病人 性 别 、 年 龄 、 发 病 时 间 、 主
要 症状 等 。 如 是 车 祸 、 火 灾 、 灞 水 等 灾难 ， 也 要 具体 说 明 情 况 ;

。 在 确认 对 方 已 了 解 所 需 信 息 之 前 ， 不 要 急于 挂 断 电话 。

To solve this problem, in 1974, an American doctor, Henry Heimlich, created the
Heimlich manoeuvre, saving thousands of lives around the world. 为 了 解决 这 个 问题 ， 美
国医 生 亨利 , 海 姆 立 克 于 1974 年 发 明了 “ 海 姆 立 克 急 救 法 ， 挽 救 了 世界 上 成 千 上 万 个 生命 。

这 和 句 话 的 主干 是 an American doctor, Henry Heimlich, created the Heimlich manoeuvre， 不 定式 短语
to solve this problem， 以 及 动词 -pg 短语 saving thousands of lives around the world 在 句 中 作 状 语 。

海 姆 立 克 急 救 法 是 美国 医生 亨利 ' 海 姆 立 克 发 明 的 ， 也 称 腹部 冲击 法 (abdominal thrusts )， 是 一 种
利用 肺 部 残留 气体 形成 的 气流 ， 排 出 气管 中 异物 的 急救 方法 。 该 急救 法 在 全 世界 广泛 应 用 ， 拯 救 了 无 数
人 的 生命 ， 因 此 被 称 为 “生命 的 拥抱 ” 。 如 今 ， 这 种 方法 除 用 于 窒息 急救 外 ， 还 扩展 到 淹 溺 等 情况 的 急救 。

With choking victims, every minute counts. 对 于 挽救 窒息 者 而 言 ， 每 一 分 钟 都 非常 要 紧 。

count 在 这 里 的 意思 是 “有 价值 ; 很 重要 ; BA”, WM:

Every point in this game counts. 这 场 比赛 每 一 分 都 很 重要 。

|ve always believed that happiness counts more than money. 我 一 直 认 为 幸福 比 金钱 更 重要 。

动词 matter 的 用 法 和 含义 与 count 类 似 ， 如 :

The children matter more to her than anything else in the world. 对 她 来 说 ， 在 这 世界 上 没有 比 孩 子
更 重要 的 了 。

As long as you're happy, that’s all that matters. 你 幸福 就 行 了 ， 这 才 是 最 重要 的 。

“Every minute counts, ”是 英语 口语 中 的 常用 表达 ， 意 思 是 “一 刻 千 金 ; 分 秒 必 争 ”， 多 用 于 紧急
情况 或 提醒 人 们 珍惜 时 间 的 语 境 。 如 :
In case of medical emergency, call for an ambulance right away 一 every minute counts! 遇 到 医疗 紧

急 情况 ， 立 即 拨打 电话 叫 救护 车 ， 分 秒 必 争 !

How could | justify sitting there and doing nothing? We are all humans and we all
have a responsibility to look after one another's welfare. 我 有 什么 理由 坐 在 那儿 什么 都 不 做
呢 ? 我 们 都 属于 人 类 大 家 庭 ， 我 们 都 有 责任 关心 彼此 的 幸福 。

103
104

Appendices ~

justify 意思 是 “为 …… 辩 护 、

justify doing sth, justify onesef 等 。 如 ，
Her success had justified the faith her teachers had put in her. 她 的 成 功 证 明 老师 对 她 的 信任 是 正确

的 。

开脱 、 找 理由 ; 证 明 …… 正 当 、 有 理 、 正 确 ”， 可 构成 词 块 justify sth.

How can you justify not doing anything when everyone else is trying to help? 当 别 人 都 在 帮忙 时 你 什

么 都 不 做 ， 你 如 何 证 明 这 样 是 正确 的 ?
Surrounded by misunderstanding, he was at a loss for words to justify himself. HxwtAE

他 觉得 真是 百 口 莫 辩 。

welfare 在 句 中 的 意思 相当 于

EL

人 的 误会 ，

health、happiness， 可 翻译 成 “幸福 ; 健康 ; 福 社 ” 。 如 :

Our only concern is the children's welfare. 我 们 唯一 关心 的 是 孩子 们 的 幸福 。

welfare 也 可 以 表示 “政府 给 予 的

福利 ”或 “社会 保障 金 ” 4: a social welfare programme 社会 福

利 计划 ，to live on welfare 靠 社 会 保障 金 过 活 。

Grammar 语法

| Review of Noun Clauses 复习 名 词性 从 名

主语 从 句 、 表 语 从 句 和 宾语 从 句 等 在 整个 句子 中 的 作用 相当 于 名 词 ， 故 将 它们 统称 为 名 词性 从 句 。
名 词性 从 句 的 引导 词 包括 连词 ( 如 that、whether ) 、 连 接 代词 ( 如 who. what. which) 、 连 接 副词 ( 如
when、where、how、why ) 等 。
1 用 作 主 语 的 从 句 叫 主语 从 句 ， 如 :
What seemed strange before now appears quite normal to Xie Lei.
That he was forgetting his mother tongue worried him a bit.
How he can learn to appreciate Chinese culture more deeply remains an important goal for him.
Why the school denied his application is still unknown.
During this period, whatever people experience is fresh and exciting to them.
有 时 候 可 用 it 作 形 式 主语 ， 而 将 主语 从 句 置 于 句 末 ， 如 ;
It’s important that Xie Lei keeps a balance between her studies and her social life.
It remains to be seen whether my research paper will be well received.
2 用 作 表 语 的 从 句 叫 表 语 从 句 ， 如 ;

One theory was that bad air caused the disease.

The question is who will be the successful applicant for the summer job at the law firm.
Her confusion is whether she should stick to her own way of life or follow the American way.
What John Snow was determined to find out was why the 1854 outbreak of cholera in London could
have caused over 500 deaths within ten days.
Taking a year off from school to travel abroad is what is generally called a gap year.
3 用 作 宾 语 的 从 句 叫 宾语 从 句 ， 相 对 于 另外 两 种 名 词性 从 句 ， 宾 语 从 句 用 得 更 普遍 。 引 导 宾语 从 句 的 that
常常 省 略 ， 特 别 是 在 非 正式 语 体 中 。 如 :

Her tutor explained that she was supposed to read lots of information to help form a wise opinion of

her own.

| think (that) this life-changing experience is certainly worthwhile, and | hope (that) my child will study
abroad in the future.

Why don’t you come back next week to tell me how you're doing?

You can watch some movies and study how people speak.

| only support whoever is right.

| don’t know if you can help me.

| wonder why he asked me to come.
有 时 候 可 用 it 作 形 式 宾语 ， 而 将 宾语 从 句 置 于 句 末 ， 如 :

He made it quite clear that he preferred to study English.

ll Tenses 时 态 (4)

过 去 完成 时 ( The Past Perfect Tense )
过 去 完成 时 表示 在 过 去 某 一 时 间或 事件 之 前 已 经 完成 的 动作 或 存在 的 状态 。 如
The media reported that these companies had treated pollution as a hot potato.
The chef had set up a farm-to-table restaurant before his new cookbook was published.
过 去 完成 时 的 基本 结构 是 “had + 过 去 分 词 ”,

~ = : 一 Grammar

105
一 一 Appendices -

106

E BRAD : 一 般 疑 问 名

| |

He/She/It He/She/It

We had (not) changed ... Had We changed ...?
You You

They They

过 去 完成 时 的 被 动 语 态 ( The Past Perfect Passive Voice )
过 去 完成 时 的 被 动 语 态 的 基本 结构 是 “had + been + 过 去 分 词 ”， 如 :

con

After all the wounded had either died or been taken away, Dunant went to military hospitals and
tinued to act as a volunteer.

lll Past Participles 过 去 分 词 (3)

过 去 分 词 作 表 语 和 状语 ( 与 动词 -pg 形式 的 比较 ) ( Past participles as the predicative and the adverbial

versus

the -ing form )

1 过 去 分 词 和 动词 -pg 形式 作 表 语 时 ， 过 去 分 词 与 其 逻辑 主语 之 间 一 般 是 被 动 关系 ， 而 动词 -pg 形式 则 表
示 主 动 关 系 。 如 ;

The girls were amazed to see such an open country.

The farms covered a very large area, which was amazing.

Do you feel frightened when going into the wilderness alone?
Going into the wilderness alone can be frightening.

2 过 去 分 词 和 动词 -mg 形式 作 状语 时 ， 一 般 在 句子 中 表示 时 间 、 原 因 或 伴随 状态 等 。 过 去 分 词 与 其 逻辑 主
语 之 间 是 被 动 关 系 ， 往 往 含 有 完成 义 ， 而 动词 -pg 形式 则 表示 主动 关系 。 如 :

Seen from the top of the mountain, the scenery was really fascinating.

Seeing the scenery from the top of the mountain, | was fascinated by the autumn colours.
Finally, the company—headed by its new manager—started to make a profit.

Heading eastwards, you will pass the Canadian Rockies.

IV Review of the -ing Form 复习 动词 -pg 形式

高
的 用 法

中 教材 前 面 的 单元 已 经 介绍 了 动词 -ng 形式 作 主语 、 宾 语 、 表 语 、 定 语 、 宾 语 补足 语 、 状 语 等 成 分
。 本 册 小 结 如 下 :
As you can imagine, getting burnt can lead to very serious injuries. ( 作 主 语 )

You can protect the burnt area by covering it with a loose clean cloth. ( 作 宾 语 )

The first and most important step in the treatment of burns is giving first aid. ( 作 表 语 )

It is best to place burns under cool running water, especially within the first ten minutes. ( 作 定 语 )
If you see someone choking, first call the emergency services. ( 作 宾语 补足 语 )

In 1974, an American doctor, Henry Heimlich, created the Heimlich manoeuvre, saving thousands of

7

lives around the world. ( 作 状 语 )

关于 动词 -mg 形式 的 用 法 ， 以 下 几 点 需要 注意 :
1 动词 ng 有 如 下 形式 变化 :

Dw)

_ — Grammar

一 般 式 doing being done

完成 式 having done having been done

Being driven from their homes, people were terrified by the hurricane. ( 被 动 式 )
The bridge being built is part of a high-speed railway project. ( 被 动 式 )
Having been told about the risk of electric shocks, she is very careful while using hairdryers. ( 完成
式 + 被 动 式 )
此 外 ， 动 词 pg 形式 的 否定 式 是 在 前 面 加 not 构成 ， 如 :
ls there any reason for not having the first-aid training this week? ( 否定 式 )
动词 -pg 形式 前 面 有 时 可 加 名 词 所 有 格 、 物 主 代词 或 人 称 代词 宾 格 ， 如 :
Sophia’s having seen them did not surprise us.
| hope you don’t mind my saying that.
He said nothing about us losing the game.
i -ing 形式 用 作 状 语 时 ， 其 逻辑 主语 应 与 句子 的 主语 保持 一 致 ， 如 :
( 错误 ) While having a bath, water leaked over the sides of the tub.
( 正确 ) While having a bath, she saw water leaking over the sides of the tub.
before. after, when, while 等 引导 的 状语 从 名 常常 可 以 转换 为 对 应 的 动词 -ng 短语 ， 如 :
When he got out of the bathtub, he slipped and fell on the floor 一
When getting out of the bathtub, he slipped and fell on the floor.
After she had been bitten by mosquitoes, she applied some medicine to her skin. 一
After having been bitten by mosquitoes, she applied some medicine to her skin.
A minute ago, she fell down while she was trying to open the window. 一
A minute ago, she fell down while trying to open the window.
动词 -pg 形式 用 作 定 语 时 ， 可 以 表示 被 修饰 名 词 所 具有 的 性 质 特征 ( 此 用 法 几乎 等 同 于 形容 词 ) ， 也 可
表示 正在 进行 的 动作 ， 或 说 明 被 修饰 名 词 的 用 途 。 如 :
afrightening experience ( 一 次 可 怕 的 经 历 )
aswimming girl ( 一 个 正在 游泳 的 女孩 )
aswimming pool ( 一 个 游泳 池 )

a

107
一 一 Appendices - 一

108

Words and Expressions in Each Unit
各 单元 生词 和 习惯 用 语

注 : 黑体 部 分 为 课 标 词 和 短语 ; 和 白 体 部 分 为 非 课 标 词 ; 专 有 名 词 在 每 单元 词 表 后 面 单独 列 出 。

B Unit 1

cholera /kplare/ n. BAL
severe /si'vio(r)/

adj. 极为 恶劣 的 ; 十 分 严重 的 ; 严厉 的
diarrhoea /,dato'r1o/ n. 腹泻
dehydration /,dithar'drerfn/ n. 脱水
frustrated /fra'strertid/

adj. 0H; TRA; ARH
once and for all 最 终 地 ; 彻底 地
contradictory /kpntre'dikteri/

adj. 相互 矛盾 的 ; 对 立 的 ; 不 一 致 的
infection /in'fekjn/ n. 感染 ;传染

infect /m'fekt/ ve. 使 感染 ;传染
germ /d33im/ n. 微生物 ; 细菌 ; 病菌
subscribe /ssb skrarb/

vi. 认购 ( 股份 ); 定期 订购 ; 定期 交纳 (SH)

subscribe to 同意 ; 赞同
proof /pru:f/ n. 证 据 ; 证 明 ;， 检验
multiple /mAltrpl/

adj. 数量 多 的 ; 多 种 多 样 的
pump /pamp/ n. 泵 ; 抽水 机 ; FTA

water pump 水系
household /‘haushould/

n. 一 家 人 ; RE; 同 住 一 所 ( 套 ) 房子 的 人
suspect /so'spekt/ vt. & vi. (RSE; SEA; MELE

/'saspekt/ n. 犯罪 嫌疑 人 ; 可疑 对 象

blame /blermy/

vt. 把 …… 归 钻 于 ; RE; 指责

n. 责备 ; 指责
handle /handl/

7. 把 手 ; WF; A

vt. MME; Hah; 操纵 ( 车 辆 、 动 物 、 工 具 等 )
intervention /,mto'venfn/

1. 介入 ; HA; 干涉

link /link/ n. KA; 纽带

vt. 把 …… 连 接 起 来 ; 相关 联
raw /roy adj. FAH; 生 的 ; RAEN; 原始 的
pure /pjua(r)/ adj. 干净 的 ; 纯 的 ; 纯粹 的
substantial /ssb staenfl/

adj. 大 量 的 ; 价值 巨大 的 ; 重大 的
decrease

/dikri's/ n. 减少; 降低 ; 减少 量

/drkri's/ vt. & vi. 使 大 小 、 数 量 等 ) 减少 ; 减 小 ; 降低
thanks to 幸亏 ; 由 于
statistic /ste'trsttk/

1.[ pl. ] 统计 数字 ; 统计 资料 ;统计 学
transform /trens'fo:m/

vt. 使 改观 ; 使 改变 形态

vi. 改变 ; 转变
epidemiology /,ep1,di:mi'plod3i/ n. 流行 病 学
microscope /‘maikroskoup/ n. 显微镜
thinking /9mkmy/ n. 思想 ; 思维 ; 见解
protein /'prauti:n/n. SAR
cell /sel/ n. 细胞 ， 小 房间 ;单间 牢房
Virus /vatras/ n. 病毒
finding /famdrm/

n. BW; WEAR; (AE) 判决
initial /i'nifl/ adj. 最 初 的 ;开始 的 ; 第 一 的
vaccine /'veksin/ n. 疫苗
framework /'frermwa:k/ n. 框架 ; 结构

theoretical framework 理论 框架
solid /splrd/ adj. 可 靠 的 ; 固体 的 ; 坚实 的

n. 固体
cast /ka:st/ vt.( cast, cast ) 投射 ;

向 …… 投 以 ( 视线 、 笑 容 等 ); 投掷
shadow /Sedou/ n. AR; BF; 背光 处
rainbow /'remnbau/ n. 彩虹
pour /pox(r)/ vr. 倒 出 ; 倾泻 ; (RA)
concrete /kobkri't/

n. 混凝土

adj. 混凝土 制 的 ; WRN; 具体 的

plasma /plezmo/ n. 血浆
aerospace /‘earauspers/ n. 航空 航天 工业
patriotic /peitri'ptik/ adj. 爱国 的
mechanical /mo'kenikl/

adj. 机 械 的 ; 发 动机 的 ; 机 器 的

mechanic /maskaenik/ n. 机 械 师 ; 机 械 修理 工

break out

( 战争 、 打 斗 等 不 愉快 的 事情 ) 突然 开始 ; 爆发

aviation /,ervi'erfn/
n. 航空 制造 业 ; 航空 ;飞行
defend /di'fend/ vw. 保卫 ; 防守 ;辩解
jet /dset/ n. 喷气 式 飞 机
assistant /as'sIstent/ n. 助理 ; 助手
in charge of 主管 ; 掌管
missile /‘misarl/ n. 导弹
leadership /‘li:dofip/
n. 领导 ; 领导 地 位 ; 领导 才能
trace /treIs/ vt. 追溯 ; 追踪 ; 查 出
n. 痕迹 ; 遗迹 ;踪迹
outstanding /aut'stendin/
adj. 优秀 的 ; 杰出 的 ; 明显 的
gifted /grftrd/
adj. 有 天 赋 的 ;有 天 才 的 ; 天 资 聪慧 的
come down 患 ( 病 ); 染 上 (小 病 )
abstract /‘ebstrekt/ adj. 抽象 的 ;理性 的
n.( 文献 等 的 ) 摘要
steady /stedi/ adj. 稳定 的 ; 平稳 的 ; 稳步 的
concept /'konsept/ n. 概念 ; 观念
astronomer /o'stronoma(r)/ n. 天 文学 家
astronomy /o'stronomi/ n. 天 文学
telescope /'teliskoup/n. 望远镜
besides /bi'sardz/ prep. 除 …… 之 外 (还 )
adv. 而 且 ; 此 外
brilliant /‘briliont/
adj. 聪颖 的 ; 绝妙 的 ; 明亮 的

furthermore /fssemao:(r)/ adv. 此 外 ;再 者

above all 最 重要 的 是 ; 尤其 是
fault /fa:lt 7. 弱点 ; 过 错
shift /frft n. 改变 ; 转换 ;轮班
vi. & vt. 转移 ; 挪动 ; 转向
vivid /vrvrd/ adj. 生动 的 ; 鲜明 的 ; 丰富 的

Queen Victoria /vik'to:ria/
维多利亚 女王 ( 英国 女王 )
Cambridge /‘kemmbrid3/ 剑桥 ( 英国 城市 )

一 一 Words and Expressions in Each Unit

non-Newtonian fluid /naAn nju:'tounion 'flund/
非 牛顿 流体

the Jet Propulsion /prepAlfn/ Laboratory
喷气 推进 实验 室 ( 美国 )

Stephen Hawking /'sti:von hoxkrm/
史蒂芬 霍金 ( 英国 物理 学 家 )

the big bang theory 大 爆炸 宇宙 论

Fred Hoyle /fred horl/

Be EPR ( 英国 天 文学 家 )

§ Unit 2

complex /'kompleks; NAmE kom'pleks/
adj. 复杂 的 ; YEMEN; ( 语法 ) 复合 的
recall /ri'ko:l/ vt. & vi. 记 起 ;回想 起
qualification /kwolifi'kerfn/
n.( 通过 考试 或 学 习 课 程 取得 的 ) 资格 ; AB
qualify /kwplifar/
vt. & vi.( 2) 具备 资格 ; ( 使 ) 合格
ambition /em'bifn/
niGRABR: BUR; 野心 ; 抱负
ambitious /zm'brfas/
adj. 有 野心 的 ， 有 雄心 的
adaptation /,edep'terfn/ n. 适应 ;改编 本
comfort /'kamfot/
n. RR; 令 人 感到 安慰 的 人 或 事物 ; 舒服; 安逸
vt. 安慰 ; 抚慰
tutor /'tju:ta(r)/
n( 英国 大 学 中 的 ) 助教 ; 导师 ; 家 庭 教 师
cite /sart/ vt. 引用 ; 引述
participation /pa:,tist'perfn/ n. 参加 ;参与
participate /pa:'tisipeit/ vi. 参加 ;参与
participate in 参加 ; 参与
presentation /prezn'terfn/
n.dRA; BRR; 出 示 ; 拿 出
speak up 大 声 点 说 ; 明确 表态
feel at home 舒服 自在 ， 不 拘束
engage /in'geid3/ vi. 参加 ; 参与 ( 活动 )
vt. 吸引 ( 注意 力 、 兴 趣 )
engage in ( 使 ) 从 事 ;参与
involve /in'volv/
vt. 包含， BE; 涉及 ;影响 ; ( 使 ) 参加
get involved in 参与 ; #A; 与 …… 有 关联
messenger /'mesind3a(r)/ 7. 送信 人 ; 信使
edition /drfn/ n.( 报纸 .杂志 ) 一 份 ; ( 广播 .电视 节目 )
一 期 、 一 辑 ; 版 次

109
a Appendices Se pe FT? te 人

culture shock 文化 冲击 deny /drnar vt. Bik; 否定 ; 拒绝
Zone /zoun/ optimistic /pptrmarsttk/ adj. 乐观 的
n.( 有 别 于 周围 的 ) 地 区 ; 地 带 ; 区 域 gain /gein/ vt. 获得 ; 赢得; 取得 ; 增加
comfort zone 舒适 区 ;舒适 范围 n. 好 处 ; 增加
overwhelming /euve welmaI/ perspective /po'spektrv/
adj. 无 法 抗拒 的 ; 巨大 的 ; 压倒 性 的 n.( 思考 问题 的 ) AE; 观点
homesickness /‘houmsiknos/ competence /‘kompitons/ n. 能 力 ; 胜任 ; 本 领
n. 思乡 病 ; BR competent /kpmprtent/ adj. 有 能 力 的 ; 称职 的
motivated /'moutrvertid/ adj. 积极 的 ; 主动 的 envoy /‘envor/ n. 使者; 使节; RR
motivation /mouti'verfn/ n. 动力 ; 积极 性 ; 动机 cooperate /kou'ppareit/
motivate /‘moutivert/ vi. 合作 ; 协作 ; 配合
vt 成 为 …… 的 动机 ; 激发 ; 激励 angle /‘engl/n. A; BE: 立场
advisor /ad'vaiza(r)/ n.( also -Ser ) 顾问 outlook /‘autluk/ n. 前 景 ; 可 能 性 ; 观点
reasonable /ri:znabl/ adj. 有 道理 的 ; 合 情 理 的 belt /belt/n. 腰带 ;地带
expectation /ekspek terfn/ initiative /'nifatrv/ n. 倡议 ;新 方案
nH; 预期 期待 sincerely /sin'stoli/ adv. 真诚 地 ， 诚实 地
applicant /aplrksnt/ n. 申请 人 budget /bsd5tt/ n. 预算
firm /fs:my/ 7. 公司 ; 商行 ;事务 所 side with 支持 ;站 在 …… 的 一 边
adj. 结实 的 ; 牢固 的 ; 坚定 的 logical /‘Indgik1/
exposure /ik'spouge(r)/ adj. 合乎 逻辑 的 ; 合情合理 的
n. 接触 ; 体验 ; 暴露 ; 揭露 as far as | know 据 我 所 知
expose /1k'spouz/ as faraslam concerned mina; #kRBR
vi. 使 接触 ;使 体验 ;显露 ;使 暴露 于 ( 险 境 ) in summary 总 的 来 说 ; 总 之
insight /msart/ n. 洞察 力 ;眼光 generally speaking 一 般 来 说
departure /dr'pa:tfa(r)/ outcome /autkam/ 1. 结果 ; 效果
n. 离开 ; 启程 ; 出 发
setting /setm/ Rome /raum/
n. 环境 ;背景 ;( 小 说 等 的 ) 情节 背景 罗马 ( 意大利 首都 ); ( 史 ) 罗马 城 ; 罗马 帝国
grasp /gra:sp/ vt. 2%; 领会; 抓紧 Aisha /ar'isfa/ 2
dramatic /dro'metik/ the Belt and Road Initiative “一 带 一 路 ”倡议
adj. 巨大 的 ; 突然 的 ; 急剧 的 ; 喜剧 ( 般 ) 的
expense /tk'spens/ n. 费用 ; 花费 ; 开销 | Unit 3

cost an arm and a leg ( 使 ) 花 一 大 笔 钱 . ; 加

tremendous /tra'mendas/ adj. 巨大 的 ; 极 大 的 Cusine Ahkwrzim/ n. 52%; 风味; REE

behave /br'herv/ vt. 表现 prior /‘prara(r)/ adj. 先前 的 ; 优先 的
vi. & vt. 表现 得 体 ， 有 礼 狐 prior to 在 …… 之 前 的

surroundings /so'raundiyz/ consist ‘kan'sist/ "
n[ pl. ] 环境 ;周围 的 事物 consist of 由 …… 组 成 ( 或 构成 )

surrounding /so'raundin/ pepper pepo(r)/ n. SR: 灯笼 椒 ; AA
adj. 周围 的 ; 附近 的 recipe /resapi/ n. 豪 饪 法 ; 食谱
mature /ma'tfua(nD; -'tjua(r)/ adj. 成 熟 的 bold /bould/ adj. 大 胆 自信 的 ; 敢于 冒险 的
depressed /di'prest/ adj. (HR; 意志 消沉 的 chef /Jef/ n. BiB; 15
depress /di'pres/ vr. 2:3; ULAR peppercorn /pepekomy/ n. #248
boom /buim/ vi. 用 迅速 发 展 ; 繁荣 vinegar /‘viniga(r)/ 7. 本
strengthen /'strenOn/ stuff /staf/ vt. 填 满 ， 把 …… 塞 进

vi. & vt. 加 强 ; HBB; UE ATs 物品

110
slice /slars/ n.( 切 下 的 食物 ) 薄片
vt. 把 …… 切 成 薄片
slice .… off 切 下
onion /Anjsn/ n. 洋葱 ;葱头
lamb /lamy/ 7. 羊羔 肉 ; 杀 羊
lamb kebab /ki'beb/ 烤 羊肉 串
elegant /‘eligant/
adj. 精美 的 ; 讲究 的 ; 文雅 的
dim sum /drm 'sam/n. 点 心 ( 中 国 食品 )
exceptional /1k'sepfonl/
adj. 特别 的 ; 罕见 的
minimum /'‘mintmem/
n. 最 小 值 ;最 少量
adj. BAR ( BREE) 的 ; 最 小 的
consume /kan'sju:m/ vt. 吃 ; 喝 ; 饮 ; 消耗
temper /tempa(r)/ n. 脾气 ;火气
vegetarian /,ved3o'tearian/ n. 素食 者
junk /d3ank/ n. 无 用 的 东西
junk food (=junk) 垃圾 食品
garlic /‘ga:lik/ 7”. 藉
bacon /'berkon/ n. BBA; AA
ham /haem/ n. 火腿
sausage /'spsid3/ n. 香肠 ; 腊肠
cabbage /‘kebid3/n. 甘蓝; 卷心菜; 洋白菜
bean curd /'bi:n ks:d/
n. (=tofu /teufu:/) 豆腐
brand /brend/n. 品牌
olive /plrvw/ n. 油橄榄 ;橄榄 树
fig /fig/ n. KIER
ingredient /in'gri:diont/
n.( FABRE ) 材料 ; 成 分
dessert /di'za:t/ 71.( 饭 后 ) 甜点
dough /dau/ n. 生 面团
stable /'sterbl/ adj. 稳定 的 ; 稳重 的
haggis /hegis/ n.( 苏格兰 ) 羊 杂碎 肚
canteen /ken'ti:n/n. 食堂 餐厅
cafeteria /kaefe'trerie/
n. 自助 餐厅 ; 自助 食堂
bun /ban/ 7. ABE; 小 圆 甜 饼
chilli /'tfnli/ 2.( NAmE=chili )( pl. -es ) RAL
pork /po:k/ n. 猪肉
red braised /brerzd/ pork 红烧 肉
pearl /pail/ n. 珍珠
somewhat /'samwot/ adv. 有 点 ; 稍微
madam /maedam/ n. KA; 女士
calorie /‘kelori/n. 卡路里 ( 热量 单位 )

Words and Expressions in Each Unit

association /a,soufi'erfn/ n. th; 关联
regardless /r'ga:dlas/ adv. 不 顾 ; 不 加 理会

regardless of 不 管 ; 不 顾
category /'‘ketagori/n. 类 别 ; 种 类
vitamin /vrtemm; NAmE 'vait-/ n. 维生素
fibre ( especially US fiber ) /‘farba(r)/

n. 纤维 ; 纤维 制品
quantity /‘kwontoti/ 寻 .数量 ; 数额
dairy /‘deori/ adj. 奶 制 的 ; 乳品 ( 业 ) 的

n. Flin; 乳品 店 ; 牛奶 厂

moderation /mpda'rerfny/ n. 适度 ; 合理
ideal /ar'di:ol/

adj. 完美 的 ; 理想 的 ; BRA

n. 理想 ;完美 的 人 ( 或 事物 )
fundamental /,fando'mentl/

adj. 根本 的 ; 基础 的 ; 基本 的

n. 基本 规律 ; 根本 法 则
chew /tfu:/ vi. & vr. 咀 鄙 ; OB

n. 咀嚼
consistent /kon'sistont/ adj. 一 致 的 ; 连续 的
modest /mpdrst/ adj. 些许 的 ; 谦虚 的 ; 朴素 的
trick /trrk/ n. RES; 计谋 ;把戏
overall /suvar'o:l/ adv. 总 体 上 ; ABLE
adj. 全 面 的 ; 综合 的

Jean /3a:n/ Anthelme /‘en8alm/
Brillat-Savarin /‘brile 'sevoran/
让 .安泰 尔 姆 . 布 里 亚 - 萨 瓦 兰 ( 法 国美 食 家 )
Kazak /ka'zeek/ adj. 哈萨克 族 的
n. 哈萨克 族人
St Andrews /sont 'endru:z/ 圣 安 德 鲁 斯 ( 英国 城市 )

§ Unit 4

airline /‘colam/ n. 航空 公司
bay /ber/ n.( 海 或 湖 的 ) 湾
craft /kra:ft/n. #2; LZ; 技艺
antique /en'ti:k/ n. 古物; 古董

adj. 古老 的 ; 古董 的
pleasant /pleznt/ adj. 令 人 愉快 的 ; 友好 的
arise /o'raiz/

vi.( arose, arisen ) 起 身 ; WH; Ae 引起
massive /‘mesiv/ adj. 巨大 的 ; 非常 严重 的
literally /litereli/ adv. 字面 上 ; 真正 地
breath /bre6/ n. FRHSA

take sb’s breath away 令 人 惊叹

111
Appendices - ane =a = =

bound /baund/

adj. 准备 前 往 ( 某 地 ); 一 定 会
scenery /'sinori/n. 风景 ; 景色
awesome /'s:som/

adj. 令 人 惊叹 的 ; 可 怕 的 ; 很 好 的
spectacular /spek'tekjala(r)/

adj. 壮观 的 ; 壮丽 的 ; 惊人 的

nA; 精彩 的 表演
peak /pik /n. 顶峰 ;山峰 ;， 尖 形
highlight /harlart/ .最 好 或 最 精彩 的 部 分
vt. 突出 ; 强调 ; 使 醒目

goat /gout/ n. 山羊
grizzly bear /,grizli 'bea(r)/ n. 灰 能
rill /dril/ vi. & ve. $4 (FL); #7 (AR)
n. th (4); WA; WA
freezing /'fri:zin/ adj. 极 冷 的 ; 冰冻 的
freezing cold 极 冷 的 ; 冻 僵 的
freeze /fri:z/
vi. & vt.( froze, frozen ) 结 冰 ; ( 使 ) 冻 住
mall /moil/ n.( also shopping mall)
购物 商场 ; 购物 广场
prairie /'preori/ n. 北美 草原
anticipate /en'tisipert/ v1. HH; WM; Be
bunch /bantf/n.®; #; i
a bunch of 一 束 ; 一 串 ; 一 群 ; 大 量
thunder /9Anda(r)/
vi. 打雷 ， 么 隆隆 地 响 ; 又 隆隆 地 快速 移动
几 . 雷 声 ; EA
frost /frost/n.#; 严寒 天 气 ; 霜冻
vt. ERE vi. A
curtain /ks:tn/ n. 窗帘
border /'bo:do(r)/ n. HF; 边界 ( 地 区 )
duration /djurerfn/ n. 持续 时 间 ; 期 间
harbour ( especially US harbor ) /‘ha:bo(r)/
n.( 海 ) 7; 港口
enrol ( especially US enroll) /in'raul/
vi. & vt.( 48) 加 入 ; 注册 ; 登记
quarry /'kwori/ n. 采 石 场
idiom /rdismy n. 习 语 ; 成 语
contrary /kpntreri; NAmE 'ka:ntreri/
adj. 相反 的 ; 相对 立 的
n. 相反 的 事实 ( 或 事情 )
contrary to 相反 的 ; 相对 立 的
anyhow /enihau/
adv.( 结束 交谈 或 转换 话题 时 ) 不 过 ; 反正

112

alongside /slpn sard/

prep. fe BA; Bev 一 起

adv. 在 旁边
proceed /pro'si:d/ vi. 行进 ; 继续 做

proceed to sth 进而 做 ( 参加 )
shore /fo:(r)/n. Fi 滨
astonish /o'stonif/ vt. 使 十 分 惊讶 ;使 吃惊
misty /mrsti/ adj. 3; 模糊 的

mist /mist/ 7.. #3; 水汽
steel /sti:l/ n. 钢 ; 钢铁 工业
dusk /dask/ n. BE; RR
advertisement /ad'va:tismant; NAmE ,edvor'taiz-/

n.( informal ad) 广告 ; 启事
accent /‘eksent/n. O&
photographer /fa'tografa(r)/ n. 摄影 师 ; 拍照 者
owe /au/ vt. K (IK. fe. BS)

owe sth to sb 欠 ( RATE); 把 …… 归 功 于 某 人
toast /toust/n. 烤 面 包 片 ; 吐 司 ; 干杯

vt. 为 本 干杯
vi. 烤 ( 尤 指 面包 )

cobblestone /kpblstaun/ adj. SAIS WAN
coherent /kou'hiarant/

adj. 有 条 理 的 ; 清楚 易 懂 的

Halifax /‘helifeks/ 哈 利 法 克 斯 ( 加 拿 大 城市 )
Vancouver /ven'ku:vo(r)/ 温哥华 ( 加 拿 大 城市 )
Lake Louise /lui'z/ 路 易 斯 湖

Jasper /d5aespa(r)/ 贾 斯 珀 ( 加 拿 大 城市 )
Toronto /terpntsu/ 多 伦 多 ( 加 拿 大 城市 )
Edmonton /‘edmonton/ 埃 德 蒙 顿 ( 加 拿 大 城市 )
Winnipeg /‘winipeg/ 温 尼 伯 ( 加 拿 大 城市 )
Ontario /vn'tesrisu/ 安大略 省 ( 加 拿 大 )
Butchart /'butfa:t/ Gardens 布 查 特 花
Lake Huron /hjusaren/ 休 伦 湖
Quebec /kwi'bek/ City 魁北克 市 ( 加 拿 大 城市 )
Montreal /mopntri'o:l/ 蒙特 利 尔 ( 加 拿 大 城市 )
Niagara /nar'egora/ Falls 尼亚加拉 瀑布

St Lawrence /‘Iprons/ River 圣 劳伦斯 河
Jean-Philippe /‘3a:n ‘filrp/ 让 -菲利普

Nova Scotia /neuve 'skouSo/ 新 斯 科 舍 省 ( 加 拿 大 )

目 Unit 5

technique /tek'nisk/ n. RAE; 技术 ; 技艺
leaflet /‘li:flot/
n. 散 页 印刷 品 ; 传单 ; 小 册子

Sl

organ /o:gan/ n.( 人 或 动 植物 的 ) 器 官
toxin /'toksin/

n. 毒素 ( 尤 指 细菌 产生 的 致 病 物质 )
ray /re/n. 光线 ; FOR; ( 热 、 电 等 ) 射线
sense of touch 触觉
radiation /rerdi'erfn/ n. 853; BNE
acid /‘zsid/n. & adj. BAS; 酸性 的
millimetre /‘milimita(r)/

n. BK; 于 分 之 一 米
minor /‘maino(r)/

adj. 较 小 的 ; 次 要 的 ;轻微 的
layer /‘le1o(r); 'lea(r)/n. Bi 表层 ; 层次
electric /1'lektrik/

adj. 电 的 ; 用 电 的 ; 电动 的

electric shock 触电 ;电击
victim /viktrmy/ 1. 受害 者 ; 患
SWollen /swaulan/

adj.( 身体 部 位 ) 肿 起 的 ; 肿胀 的

swell /swel/ vi.( swelled, swollen ) 膨胀 ; 肿胀
blister /'blista(r)/ n.( 皮肤 上 因 摩 擦 、 汤 伤 等 引起 的 )

kA; ( 金属 等 表面 的 ) 气泡 、 水 泡
underneath /,ando'ni:6/

prep. & adv. 在 …… 底 下 ; 隐藏 在 下 面
nerve /ns:v/ n. 神经
fabric /'febrik/

n. RD; 布料 ; ( 社会 、 机 构 等 的 ) 结构
loose /lu:s/ adj. 松 的 ; 未 系 紧 的 ; 宽松 的
urgent /3:d5snt/ adj. 紧急 的 ; BBN; 急切 的
ease /i:z/ vi. & vt.( 48) BR; 减轻 ; 缓解

n. BA; 舒适 ; 自在
paramedic /,pera'medik/

由 .急救 医生 ; 护理 人 员
swallow /'swolau/ vt. & vi. PF; 咽 下
wrap /rep/ vt. &. ®; ( 用 手臂 等 ) 围 住
bathtub /ba:6tAb/ n. 浴缸 ; 浴盆

bath /ba:6/

n. 洗澡 ; (BrE=bathtub ) 浴缸 ; ez

vt.( NAmE=bathe ) 给 …… 洗 澡
Slip /slip/ vi. 滑 倒 ; 滑落 ; SR

n. 滑 倒 ; EAR; MK
mosquito /mo'ski:tau/ n.( pl. -oes, -05 ) 蚊子
elderly /eldsli adj. 年 纪 较 大 的 ; 上 了 年 纪 的 ( 婉 辞 )
carpet /‘ka:pit/ n. 地 毯
operator /‘pporeita(r)/

n. 电话 接线 员 ; 操作 员
ambulance /‘embjalans/ n. 救护 车

th

delay /drler vi. & vr. 推迟 ; 延期 ( 做 某 事 )
vt. 耽误 ; 耽搁
n. 延误 ; 耽搁 ( 的 时 间 ); 推迟
needle /‘ni:dl/ n. 针 ;， 缝 衣 针 ;注射 针 ;， 指针

IV needle 静脉 注射 针
vital sign 生命 体征
ward /wo:d/ n. 病房
drown /draun/

vi. & vt.( 8) BIE; BAIL; 浸泡 ; 淹 ;
sprain /sprem/ vt. 扭伤 ( 关节 ) n. 扭伤
ankle /ankl 7 RR; RRB
bleeding /‘bli:din/ n. 流血， 失血

bleed /bli:d/ vi.( bled, bled ) 流血 ， 失 血
panic /‘pentk/ vi. & vt.( 42) 惊慌

n. 惊恐 ; 恐慌
interrupt /mto'rapt/ vi. & vt. 打 断 ; 打扰
vt. 使 暂停 ;使 中 断

scream /skri:m/
vi. & vt.( 因 愤怒 或 恐惧 ) 高 声 喊 ; 大 声 叫
rn 尖 叫 ; 尖锐 刺耳 的 声音
fellow /'felou/
adj. 同类 的 ; 同事 的 ; 同伴 的 ; 同情 况 的
n. BA; 家伙; 同事 ; 同辈 ; 同类
diner /‘dama(r)/ n.( 尤 指 餐 馆 的 ) 就 餐 者
choke /tfauk/ vi. & vt.( 8) BS; ( 使 ) eR
steak /stetk/ n. 牛排 ; 肉 排
throat /Orout/ n. 咽喉 ; HRD
desperate /'desporot/
adj. 绝望 的 ; IGEN; 非常 需要 的
slap /slap/ vt.( 用 手掌 ) 打 、 拍
n.( 用 手掌 ) 打 、 拍 ， 拍 击 声
help sb to one’s feet 帮助 某 人 站 起 身 来
practical /praektrkl/
adj. 切实 可 行 的 ; 实际 的 ; 实践 的
obstruction /sb'strAkfn/
n. 阻碍 ; 堵塞 ;阻塞 物
fist /fist/n.#; 拳头
grab /greb/ vr. 抓 住 ; MR
n. 抓 取 ; 抢夺
tightly /tartli/ adv. 紧 紧 地 ;牢固 地 ;紧密 地
tight /tart/
adj. 牢固 的 ; 紧身 的 ; 绷 紧 的 ; 严密 的
adv. 紧 紧 地 ; 牢固 地
motion /maufn/ n. 运动 ; 移动
face up/down 面 朝 上 ( 朝 下 )

im

一 一 Words and Expressions in Each Unit

113
114

Appendices =

justify /‘dgastrfar/

vt. 证明 …… 有 道理 ; 为 …… 辩 护 ; 是 …… 的 正当 理由
welfare /welfea(r)/

n. 幸福 ; 福 社 ; RR; 福利
collapse /ko'leps/

vi.( 突然 ) 倒塌 ; ( 因 病 等 ) SE
manual /maenjusl/

n. 使 用 手册 ; 说 明 书

adj. 用 手 的 ; 手工 的 ; 体力 的 ; 手 控 的
sleep in 迟 起 ; BUA; 睡懒觉
out of shape 健康 状况 不 好
foggy /fbgi/ adj. 有 雾 的

Suburb /sAbs:b/ n. 郊区 ; 城 外
membership /membsfrp/
n. 会 员 身份 ; 全 体会 员 ; 会 员 人 数

Taylor /terla(r)/ 32%

CPR abbr.( cardiopulmonary resuscitation )
心肺 复苏 ( 包括 人 工 呼吸 和 体外 心脏 按压 )

mouth-to-mouth rescue breathing
口 对 口 人 工 呼吸

Heimlich manoeuvre /‘haimlik mo,nu:va(r)/
海 姆 利克 式 操作 法
Vocabulary
词汇 表

注 : 黑体 部 分 为 课 标 词 和 短语 ; 白 体 部 分 为 非 课 标 词 ; 带 ， 符 号 的 词汇 为 专 有 名 词 。

TA

above all 最 重要 的 是 ; 尤其 是

abstract /‘ebstrekt/ adj. 抽象 的 ; 理性 的
n.( 文献 等 的 ) 摘要

accent /‘eksent/n. A

acid /‘esid/n. 酸 adj. BAN; 酸性 的

adaptation /edep'terfn/n. 适应 ; 改编 本

(D)

()
(4)
(5)
(2)

advertisement /od'va:tismant; NAmE edvor'tarz-/

n. (informal ad ) 广告 ; 启事
advisor /sd'varza(r)/ n.( also -ser ) 顾问
aerospace /'earauspeis/ n. 航空 航天 工业
airline /‘ecolain/ n. 航空 公司

Aisha /ari'fa/ 艾 莎
alongside /alon'sard/

Prep. FE BID; 与 …… 一 起

adv, 在 旁边
ambition /zem'brfn/

niBRAA RR; 凤 愿 ; 野心 ; 抱负

ambitious /am'brfas/

adj. 有 野心 的 ; 有 雄心 的
ambulance /zembjslsns/ n. 救护 车
angle /‘engl/n. 角 ; 角度 ; 立场
ankle /‘ankl/ n. 踩 ;， 踩 关节
anticipate /en'tisipert/ vt. WH; HM; BE
antique /en'ti:k/ n. 古物 ; 古董

adj. 古老 的 ; 古董 的
anyhow /enihau/

adv.( 结束 交谈 或 转换 话题 时 ) 不 过 ; 反正
applicant /aplikent/ n. 申请 人
arise /ararz/

vi.( arose, arisen ) #25; WEL; 由 …… 引起

(4)
(2)
(1)
(4)
(2)

(4)
(2)
(2)
(5)
(2)
(5)
(4)

(4)

(4)
(2)

(4)

as faras lam concerned 就 我 而 言 ， 依 我 看 来 (2)

as far as | know 据 我 所 知
assistant /a'sIstent/ n. 助理 ; 助手
association /a,saufi'erfn/ n. 协会 ; 关联

(2)
(1)
(3)

astonish /o'stonif/ vt. 使 十 分 惊讶 ;使 吃惊
astronomer /a'stronomo(r)/ n. 天 文学 家
astronomy /s'strpnemi/ n. 天 文学
aviation /ervierfn/
有 .航空 制造 业 ; 航空 ;飞行
awesome /'o:sam/
adj. 令 人 惊叹 的 ; 可 怕 的 ; 很 好 的

NB

bacon /'berken/n. RA; 咸 肉
bath /ba:0/
n. 洗澡; (BrE=bathtub ) 浴缸 ; 浴盆
vt.( NAmE=bathe ) 给 …… 洗 澡
bathtub /ba:Otab/ n. 浴缸 ;浴盆
bay /ber/ n.( 海 或 湖 的 ) 湾
bean curd /bimn ks:d/
n. (=tofu /taufuy) 豆腐
behave /br'herv/ vt. 表现
vi. & vt. 表现 得 体 ; 有 礼貌
belt /belt/n. Bi; 地 带
besides /brsardz/ prep. 除 …… 之 外 (还 )
adv. 而 且 ; 此 外
blame /blermy/ w. 把 …… 归 钻 于 ; 责怪 ;指责
n. RS; 指责
bleed /bli:d/ vi.( bled, bled ) 流血 ， 失 血
bleeding /bli:dm/ n. 流血 ;失血
blister /blrsta(r)y/ n.( 皮肤 上 因 摩擦 、 烫 伤 等
引起 的 ) 水 疱 ; ( 金属 等 表面 的 ) 气泡 、 水 泡
bold /bould/ adj. 大 胆 自信 的 ; 敢于 冒险 的
boom /bu:m/ vi. &n. 迅速 发 展 ; 繁荣
border /bo:da(r)/ n. 国界 ; 边界 ( 地
bound /baund/
adj. 准备 前 往 ( 某 地 ); 一 定 会
brand /brand/ n. 品牌

ba]

(4)
(D)
(D

()

(4)

(3)

(5)
(5)
(4)

(3)

(2)
(2)

(1)

()
()
(5)

(5)
(3)
(2)
(4)

(4)
(3)

- Vocabulary —
-一 Appendices 一 一 -一

116

break out
( 战争 、 打 斗 等 不 愉快 的 事情 ) 突然 开始 ; 爆发
breath /bre6/ n. 呼吸 的 空气
take sb's breath away 令 人 惊叹
brilliant /‘briliont/
adj. 聪颖 的 ; 绝妙 的 ; AAAS
budget /bsAd5rt/ n. 预算
bun /bAn/ n. 圆 面包 ; 小 圆 甜 饼
bunch /bant{/n.®; 串 ; A
a bunch of 一 束 ; —#; —#; 大 量
Butchart /butfat' Gardens 布 查 特 花 园

fc

cabbage /‘kebid3/n. 甘蓝 ， 卷心菜 ;洋白菜
cafeteria /ksefa'trerie/ 7. 自助 餐厅 ; 自助 食堂
calorie kelori/ n. 卡路里 ( 热量 单位 )
Cambridge /kermbrrd3/ 剑桥 ( 英国 城市 )
canteen /ken'ti:n/ 7. 食堂 ; 餐厅
carpet /‘ka:pit/ n. 地 毯
cast /ka:st/ vr. (cast, cast ) 投射 ;
向 …… 投 以 ( 视线 、 笑 容 等 ); 投掷
category /katagari/ n. Ral; 种 类
cell /sel/ n. 细胞 ;小 房间 ;单间 牢房
chef /fef' 7. 厨师 ; Elst
chew /tfu:/ vi. & vi. 咀嚼 ; Re
n. 咀嚼
chilli /‘tfili/ n.( NAmE=chili )( pl. -es ) 辣椒
choke /tfauk/ vi. & ve.( 2) BS; ( 使 ) ER
cholera /kplaras/ n. 霍乱
cite /sart/ vt. 引用; 引述
cobblestone /'kpblstoun/ adj. ##BNAN
coherent /kou'hierant/
adj. BREN; 清楚 易 懂 的
collapse /ko'leps/
vi.( 突然 ) BB; ( 因 病 等 ) SE
come down 患 ( 病 ); 染 上 (小 病 )
comfort /‘kamfot/
n. 安慰; 令 人 感到 安慰 的 人 或 事物 ; 舒服 ; 安逸
vt. 安慰; 抚慰
competence /'kompitons/
n. 能力; 胜任 ; AR

(D
(4)
(4)

dd)
(2)
(3)

(4)

(4)
(4)

(3)
(3)
(3)
(D
(3)
(5)

()
(3)
()
(3)

(3)
(3)
(5)
(1)
(2)
(4)

(4)

(5)

()

(2)

(2)

competent /komprtsnt/ adj. 有 能 力 的 ; 称职 的 (2)

complex /kompleks; NAmE kom'pleks/
adj. 复杂 的 ; 难 懂 的 ; ( 语法 ) 复合 的
concept /kpnsept/ n. 概念 ; 观念

(2)
qd)

concrete /‘konkri:t/

n. 混凝土

adj 混凝土 制 的 ;确实 的 ; 具体 的 (1)
consist /kon'sist/ vi. (3)

consist of 由 …… 组 成 ( 或 构成 ) (3)

consistent 人 kan'sIstent/ adj. 一 致 的 ; 连续 的 (3)
consume /kon'sju:m/ vr. 吃 ; 喝 ; th; 消耗 (3)
contradictory /,kontra'diktari/

adj. 相互 矛盾 的 ; 对 立 的 ; 不 一 致 的 (1)
contrary /‘kontrari; NAmE ‘ka:ntreri/

adj. 相反 的 ; 相对 立 的

n. 相反 的 事实 ( 或 事情 ) (4)

contrary to 相反 的 ; 相对 立 的 (4)
cooperate /kau'pporeit/

vi. @fE; UME; ECA (2)

cost an arm anda leg (使 ) 花 一 大 笔 钱 (2)
CPR abbr.( cardiopulmonary resuscitation )

心肺 复苏 ( 包括 人 工 呼吸 和 体外 心脏 按压 ) (5)
craft /kra:ft/n. FE; 工艺 ; 技艺 (4)
cuisine /kwi'zi:n/ n. HB; 风味 ; Bt (3)
culture shock 文化 冲击 (2)
curtain /ks:tn/ n. 窗帘 (4)

—D
dairy /‘deari/ adj. 奶 制 的 ; 乳品 ( 业 ) 的
17. 乳 制品 ; 乳品 店 ; 牛奶 厂 (3)
decrease
/di:kri's/ n. 减少 ; 降低 ; 减少 量
/drkri's/ vt. & vi. 使 大 小 、 数 量 等 )

减少 ; 减 小 ; 降低 (dd)
defend /di'fend/ w. 保卫 ; 防守 ; 辩解 ()
dehydration /,dishar'drerfn/ 脱水 (1)
delay /dr'ler/ vi. & vt. 推迟 ;延期 ( 做 某 事 )

vt. 耽误 ;耽搁

n. 延误 ; 耽搁 ( 的 时 间 ); 推迟 (5)
deny /drnar wt. 否认 ; Be; 拒绝 (2)
departure /di'pa:tfa(r)/n. BA; 启程 ; WR (2)
depress /di'pres/ vr. RHI; LA (2)

depressed /di'prest/ adj. R85; 意志 消沉 的 (2)
desperate /desparat/

adj. 绝望 的 ; 孤注一掷 的 ; 非常 需要 的 (5)
dessert /drzsit/ n.( 饭 后 ) 甜点 (3)
diarrhoea /dara'rio/ n. 腹泻 (1)
dim sum /dm 'sam/n. 点 心 ( 中 国 食品 ) (3)
diner /‘daino(r)/ n.( 尤 指 餐馆 的 ) RBS (5)
dough /dou/ 半生 面团
dramatic /dra'metik/
adj. 巨大 的 ; 突然 的 ;
Grill /dril/ vi. & vt. 钻
n. Hh ( 头
drown /draun/
vi. & vt.( 4%) 淹 死 ;溺死 ; 浸泡 ; 淹没
duration /djurerfny/ n. 持续 时 间 ; 期 间
dusk /dask/n. BB; ae

HE

ease /i:z/ vi. & vt.( B) BB;
n. BA; 舒适 ; BE

edition /1'difn/ n. ( 报纸 、 杂 志 ) 一 份 ;
( 广播、 电视 节目 ) 一 期 、 一 辑 ; 版 次

急剧 的 ; 喜剧
FL); 打 ( 眼 )
+ 训练 ; 演习

( 般 ) 的

减轻 ; 缓解

(3)

(2)

(4)

(5)

(4)
(4)

(5)

(2)

Edmonton /‘edmonton/ 埃 德 蒙 顿 ( 加 拿 大 城市 ) (4)

elderly /‘eldoli/ adj. 年 纪 较 大 的 ; 上 了 年 纪 的
( 婉 辞 )
electric /1'lektrik/ adj. 电 的 ;
electric shock 触电 ; 电击
elegant /eligont/ adj. 精美 的 ; 讲究 的 ; 文雅 的
engage /In geId3/ vi. 参加 ; 参与 ( 活动 )
vt. 吸引 ( 注意 力 、 兴 趣 )
engage in ( 使 ) 从 事 ， 参 与
enrol ( especially US enroll) /mrsul/
vi. & vt.( 48) DA; 注册 ; 登记
envoy /‘envor/ n. 使 者 ; 使 节 ; 代表
epidemiology /,ep1,di:mi'plod3i/ n. 流行 病 学
exceptional /1k'sepfonl/ adj. 特别 的 ; 罕见 的
expectation /ekspek'terfn/
n. 期 望 ; 预期 ;期待
expense /ik'spens/ n. 费
expose /ik'spouz/
vr. 使 接触 ;使 体验 ; 显露 ; 使 暴露 于
exposure /1k'spau3a(r)/
n. 接触 ; 体验 ; 暴露 ; 揭露

|

fabric /‘feebrik/
n. 织物 ; 布料 ; ( 社会 、 机 构 等 的 ) 结构
face up/down 面 朝 上 ( BT )
fault /folt/n. BA; 过 错
feel at home 舒服 自在 ;不 拘束

电 的 ; 电动 的

; 花费 ; 开销

险 境 )

(5)
G)
(5)
(3)

(2)
(2)

(4)
(2)
(1)
(3)

(2)
(2)

(2)

(2)

(5)
(5)
(1)
(2)

fellow /'felou/
adj. 同类 的 ; 同事 的 ; 同伴 的 ; 同情 况 的
n. BA; Rik; 同事 ; 同辈 ;同类
fibre ( especially US fiber ) /‘farba(r)/
n. 纤维 ; 纤维 制品
fig /frg/ n. 无 花 果
finding /‘faindin/
n. 发 现 ; 调查 结果 ; ( 法 律 ) 判决
firm /fs:m/n. 公司 ; 商行 ;事务 所
adj. 结实 的 ; 牢固 的 ; 坚定 的
fist /fist/n.#; 拳头
foggy /fpgi/ adj. 有 雾 的
framework /'frermwsa:k/ n. 框架 ;结构
theoretical framework 理论 框架
Fred Hoyle /'fred horl/
RES ERR ( 英国 天 文学 家 )
freeze /fri:z/

vi. & vt.( froze, frozen ) 447k;

(使 ) AE
freezing /'fri:zin/ adj. RAH; HARES
freezing cold 85; 冻 僵 的

frost /frost/n. 霜 ; 严寒 天 气 ; 霜冻

vt. ERE
vi. 结 霜
frustrated /frA'strertrd/
adj. 2108S; tA; 失意 的
fundamental /,fando'mentl/
adj. 根本 的 ; 基础 的 ; 基本 的
n. 基本 规律 ; 根本 法 则
furthermore /,f:50'mox(r)/ adv. 此 外 ;再 者

| Ke

gain /gein/ we. 获得 ; 赢得 ; 取得 ; 增加
n. 好 处 ; 增加
garlic /ga:lrk/ 7. 蒜
generally speaking 一 般 来 说
germ /d3s3:m/n. 微生物 ; 细菌 ; 病菌
gifted /‘giftid/
adj. 有 天 赋 的 ; 有 天 才 的 ; 天 资 聪慧 的
goat /gout/ n. ie
grab /grab/ vr. 抓 住 ; RX
n. 抓 取 ; 抢夺
grasp /gra:sp/ ve. 理解 ; 领会 ;抓紧
grizzly bear /,grizli 'bea(r)/ n. 灰 能

(5)

(3)
(3)

()

(2)
(5)
(5)
()
()

()

(4)
(4)
(4)

(4)

(D

(3)
(D)

(2)
(3)
(2)
(1)

(D)
(4)

(5)
(2)
(4)

一 Vocabulary

117
Appendices — 二 ——. a

118

BH

haggis /haegrs/ n.( 苏格兰 ) 羊 杂碎 肚 (3)
Halifax /‘halifeks/ 哈 利 法 克 斯 ( 加 拿 大 城市 (4)
ham /hem/ n. 火腿 (3)
handle /‘hendl/
7. 把 手 ; 拉手 ; 柄

ve. 处 理 ; 搬 动 ; 操纵 ( 车 辆 、 动 物 、 工 具 等 )  (])
harbour ( especially US harbor ) /‘ha:ba(r)/

n.( 海 ) 港 ; 港口 (4)
Heimlich manoeuvre /‘harmlik mo,nu:va(r)/
海 姆 利克 式 操 作法 (5)

help sb to one’s feet 帮助 某 人 站 起 身 来 (5)
highlight /harlart/ n. RRR ABD
vt. 突出 ; 强调 ; 使 醒目 (4)
homesickness /‘houmsiknos/ n. 思乡 病 ; 乡愁 (2)
household /‘haushould/
n. 一 家 人 ; RE; 同 住 一 所 ( 套 ) 房子 的 人 qd)

ideal /ar'di:ol/ adj. 完美 的 ; 理想 的 ; 想象 的
n. 理想 ; 完美 的 人 ( 或 事物 ) (3)

idiom /‘idiam/ n. 习 语 ; 成 语 (4)
in charge of 主管 ;掌管 (D
in summary 总 的 来 说 ; 总 之 (2)
infect /in'fekt/ vr. 使 感染 ; 传染 (1)
infection /in'fek{n/ n. 感染 ;传染 (1)
ingredient /m'gri:diont/
nA FABRE ) 材料 ;成 分 (3)
initial /i'nifl/ adj. RMN; 开始 的 ; 第 一 的 qd)
initiative /nrfatrv/ n. 倡议 ;新 方案 (2)
insight /‘insait/ n. 洞察 力 ; 眼光 (2)
interrupt /nto'rapt/ vi. & vt. 打 断 ! 打扰
vt. EE; EPA (5)

intervention /nto'venfn/n. 介入 ; 出 面 ; FH (1)
involve /mvplv/
vi BS; 需要 ; 涉及 ; 影响 ; ( 使 ) 参加 (2)
get involved in@5; A; 5° BXK (2)

Hu

Jasper /‘d3espa(r)/ 机 斯 珀 ( 加 拿 大 城市 ) (4)
Jean /3a:n/ Anthelme /anbslmy/
Brillat-Savarin /'brilz 'seevaron/
让 .安泰 尔 姆 . 布 里 亚 - 萨 瓦 兰 ( 法 国美 食 家 ) (3)

Jean-Philippe /'3ain 'flrp/ 让 -菲利普
jet /dset/ n. 喷气 式 飞 机
junk /d3ank/ 7 无 用 的 东西
junk food (=junk) 垃圾 食品
justify /"d5Asttfar vt. 证 明 …… 有 道理 ;
Av RHPA; 是 …… 的 正当 理 上

Kazak /ko'zek/ adj. 哈萨克 族 的
n. 哈萨克 族人

BL

Lake Huron /hjusrsn/ *4{Ci4

Lake Louise /lu'i:z/ 路 易 斯 湖
lamb /lem/n. 羊羔 肉 ; 亲 羊

lamb kebab /krbaeb/ 烤 羊肉
layer /'leta(r); 'lea(r)/ n. 层 ; 表层 ; 层次
leadership /'li:dofip/

n. 领导 ; 领导 地 位 ; 领导 才能
leaflet /'li:flat/

n. 散 页 印刷 品 ; 传单 ; 小 册子
link /lmky n. RA; 纽带

vt. 把 …… 连 接 起 来 ; 相关 联

literally /‘Interali/ adv. 字面 上 ; 真正 地
logical /'lod31kl/ adj. SFE; 合情合理 的
loose /lu:s/ adj. 松 的 ; 未 系 紧 的 ; 宽松 的

Ht

'M

madam /'medom/n. KA; 女士
mall /mo:1/ n.( also shopping mall)

购物 商场 ; 购物 广场
manual /'‘menjuol/

n. SFA; GEAAB

adj. 用 手 的 ; 手工 的 ; 体力 的 ; 手 控 的
massive /‘mesiv/ adj. 巨大 的 ; 非常 严重 的
mature /mo'tfua(r); -'tjua(r)/ adj. 成 熟 的
mechanic /mo'kentk/ n. 机 械 师 ， 机 械 修理 工

mechanical /mo'kentkl/

adj. 机 械 的 ; 发 动机 的 ; 机 器 的
membership /membafrp/

n. 会 员 身份 ; 全 体会 员 ; 会 员 人 数
messenger /mesImd3s(r)/ n. 送信 人 ; 信使

(4)
(D
(3)
(3)

(5)

(3)

(4)
(4)
(3)
(3)
(5)

(1)
(5)
()
(4)

(2)
(5)

(3)
(4)
(5)
(4)
(2)
(D)

()

(5)
(2)
microscope /‘matkraskoup/ n. 显微镜 (1)
millimetre /‘mili mi:ta(r)/ n. BK; 千 分 之 一 米 (5)
minimum /‘minimsm/

n. 最 小 值 ; 最 少量

adj. BAK ( 限度 ) 的 ; 最 小 的 (3)
minor /‘mamo(r)/ adj. 较 小 的 ; 次 要 的 ; 轻微 的 (5)
missile /'misarl/ n. 导弹 (1)
mist /mist/ n. 薄 雾 ;水汽 (4)

misty /mrsti adj. BH; 模糊 的 (4)
moderation /mpds'rerfn/ n. 适度 ; 合理 (3)

modest /mpdrst/ adj. 些许 的 ;谦虚 的 ; FAN (3)
Montreal /mpntri'o:]/ 蒙特 利 尔 ( 加 拿 大 城市 )(4)
Mosquito /mo'ski:tau/ n.( pl. -0es, -05 ) 蚊子 (5)

motion /‘moufn/ n. 运动 ; 移动 (5)
motivate /maeutrvert/
vt 成 为 …… 的 动机 ; 激发 ;激励 (2)

motivated /'moutrvertid/ adj. 积极 的 ; 主动 的 (2)

motivation /,moutr'verfn/

n. 动力 ; 积极 性 ; 动机 (2)
mouth-to-mouth rescue breathing

口 对 口 人 工 呼吸 (5)

multiple /‘maltipl/ adj. 数量 多 的 ; 多 种 多 样 的 (1)

PN

needle /‘ni:dl/ n. 针 ;， 缝 衣 针 ; 注射 针 ; 指针 (5)
IV needle 静脉 注射 针 (5)

nerve /na:v/ n. 神经 (5)
Niagara /nar'egoro/ Falls 尼亚加拉 瀑布 (4)
non-Newtonian fluid

/man nju:teunion 'flu:rd/ 非 牛顿 流体 (1)

Nova Scotia /nsuve 'skoufo/

新 斯 科 舍 省 ( 加 拿 大 ) (4)
ie
obstruction /sb'strAkfn/ n. 阻碍 ; 堵塞 ; 阻塞 物 (5)
olive /plrw n. 油橄榄 ;橄榄 树 (3)
once and for all 最 终 地 ;彻底 地 (1)
onion /anjon/ n. #4; BS (3)

Ontario /pn'tesrisu/ RARE ( 加 拿 大 ) (4)
operator /‘pporeito(r)/ 电话 接线 员 ; 操作 员 (5)

optimistic /pptrmaisttk/ adj. 乐观 的 (2)
organ /o:gan/ n.( 人 或 动 植物 的 ) 器 官 (5)
out of shape 健康 状况 不 好 (5)

cas = Vocabulary ——

outcome /‘autkam/ n. 结果 ; 效果 (2)
outlook /‘autluk/ n. 前 景 ; 可 能 性 ; 观点 (2)
outstanding /aut'standm/

adj. 优秀 的 ; 杰出 的 ; 明显 的 (D
overall /auver'o:l/ adv. 总 体 上 ; ABLE

adj. 全 面 的 ; 综合 的 (3)

overwhelming /,suve'welmin/

adj. 无 法 抗拒 的 ; BAM; 压倒 性 的 (2)
owe /su/ vt. R (OK. fi. AS ) (4)

owe sth to sb X ( 某 人 情 );

把 …… 归 功 于 某 人 (4)

|

panic /‘pentk/ vi. & vt.( £8) 惊慌

n. RAR; 恐慌 (5)
paramedic /,pera'medik/

n. ARBRE; 护理 人 员 (5)
participate /pa:'tstpert/ vi. 参加 ; 参与 (2)

participate in 参加 ;参与 (2)

participation /pa:,tisr'perfn/n. 参加 ; BS (2)
patriotic /,pertri'ptik/ adj. 爱国 的 (1)
peak /pi'k/ n. Thi; Wie; 272 (4)
pearl /ps:l/ n. 珍珠 (3)
pepper /'pepa(r)/ n. HAR; 灯笼 椒 ; 胡椒 粉 (3)
peppercorn /'pepokoin/ n. 胡椒 粒 (3)
perspective /po'spektiv/

n.( 思考 问题 的 ) 角度 ; 观点 (2)
photographer /fo'togrofa(r)/ n. 摄影 师 ; 拍照 者 (4)
plasma /'plezmo/ n. 血浆 (60)
pleasant /'pleznt/ adj. 令 人 愉快 的 ; 友好 的 (4)
pork /po:k/ n. 猪肉 (3)

red braised /breizd/ pork 红烧 肉 (3)
pour /pox(r)/ ve. 倒 出 ; 倾泻 ; # ( 饮料 ) (1)
practical /‘praktrkl/

adj. 切实 可 行 的 ; 实际 的 ; 实践 的 (5)
prairie /'preari/ n. 北美 草原 (4)
presentation /prezn'terfn/

ngs; 陈述 ; 出 示 ; 拿 出 (2)
prior /‘prara(r)/ adj. 先前 的 ; 优先 的 (3)

prior to 在 …… 之 前 的 (3)
proceed /pro'sizd/ vi. 行进 ;继续 做 (4)

proceed to sth 进而 做 ( 参加 ) (4)
proof /pru:f/ n. iE32; 证 明 ; 检验 (D
protein /preuti'n/ n. 蛋白 质 (1)

119
a

Appendices — — —
pump /pamp/ n. RR; 抽水 机 ; 打气 简 () side with 支持 ; 站 在 …… 的 一 边 (2)
water pump 2k (1) sincerely /sin'stali/ adv. 真诚 地 ; 诚实 地 (2)
pure /pjua(r)/ adj. 干净 的 ; 纯 的 ; 纯粹 的 (1) slap /slep/ vt.( 用 手 学 ) 打 、 拍
n.( 用 手掌 ) 打 、 拍 ; 拍 击 声 (5)
| Q sleep in 迟 起 ; 睡 过 头 ; 睡懒觉 (5)
slice /slats/ n.( 切 下 的 食物 ) 薄片
qualify /kwplifar vt. 把 …… 切 成 薄片 (3)
vt. & vi. 使) 具备 资格 ; ( 使 ) 合格 (2) slice ... off 切 下 (3)
qualification /kwplrfrkerfn/ slip /slip/ vi. 滑 倒 ; 滑落 ; iB
n.( 通过 考试 或 学 习 课程 取得 的 ) 资格 ; 学 历 (2) nel; Gir; RE (5)
quantity /‘kwontoti/ 半数 量 ;数额 (3) — solid /'svlid/ adj. 可 靠 的 ; 固体 的 ; 坚实 的
quarry /'kwori/ n. 采 石 场 (4) n. 固体 (D
Quebec /kw'bek/ City 魁北克 市 ( 加 拿 大 城市 )(4) somewhat /'samwot/ adv. 有 点 ; 稍微 (3)
Queen Victoria /vik'to:rio/ speak up 大 声 点 说 ;明确 表态 (2)
维多利亚 女王 ( 英国 女王 ) () spectacular /spek'tekjala(r)/
adj. 壮观 的 ; 壮丽 的 ; 惊人 的
§ R n. 壮丽 的 场面 ; 精彩 的 表演 (4)
sprain /sprem/ we. 扭伤 ( 关节 ) n. 扭伤 (5)
radiation /reidi'erfn/ n. 辐射 ;放射线 (5) St Andrews /sont ‘zndru:z/
rainbow /'rembav/ n. #231 (]) 圣 安 德 鲁 斯 ( 英国 城市 ) (3)
Taw /ro:/ adj. AAAS; EN; 未 经 处 理 的 ; 原始 的 〈1) St Lawrence /prans/ River 圣 劳伦斯 河 (4)
ray /rei/n. 光线， 光束; ( 热 、 电 等 ) 射线 ©) stable /sterbl adj. 稳定 的 ;稳重 的 G)
reasonable /ri:znobl/ adj. 有 道理 的 ; 合 情 理 的 (2) statistic /sta'tistik/
recall /rrko:l/ vt. & vi. 记 起 ;回想 起 (2) n.([ pl. ] 统计 数字 ;统计 资料 ， 统 计 学 (1)
recipe /‘resopi/n. RIE; 食谱 G3) steady /stedi/ adj. 稳定 的 ; 平稳 的 ; BH (1)
regardless /rrga:dlas/ adv. AM; 不 加 理会 (3) ”steak /sterk/ n. HE; 肉 排 (5)
regardless of ##; #8 3) steel /sti:l/ n. 8; 钢铁 工业 (4)
Rome /raum/ Stephen Hawking /'sti:von ‘ho:kin/
罗马 ( 意大利 首都 ); ( 史 ) 罗马 城 ; 罗马 帝国 (2) PB. 霍金 ( 英国 物理 学 家 ) qd)
strengthen /'stren@n/
i] S vi. & vt. NSB; 增强 ; 巩固 (2)
stuff /staf/ ve. 填 满 ;把 …… 塞 进
sausage /spsId3/ n. 香肠 ; 腊肠 (3) n. 东西 ， 物 品 G)
Scenery /simneri/ 有 AR; RE 4 subscribe /sab'skrarb/
scream /skri:m/ vi. 认购 ( 股份 ); 定期 订购 ; 定期 交纳 (SH) (1)
vi. & vt.( 因 愤怒 或 恐惧 ) 高 声 喊 ; 大 声 叫 subscribe to 同意 ; 赞同 (1)
人 关 叫 ;尖锐 刺耳 的 声音 ©) substantial /ssbstenfl/
sense of touch 触觉 ©) adj. KB; 价值 巨大 的 ; 重大 的 GD)
Setting /setm/ suburb /'sabs:b/ n. 郊区 ; 城 外 (5)
n. 环境 ; 背景 ; ( 小 说 等 的 ) 情节 背景 (2) surrounding /sa'raundin/
severe /si'vio(r)/ adj. 周围 的 ; 附近 的 (2)
adj. 极为 恶劣 的 ! 十 分 严重 的 ; Pit @ surroundings /so'raundinz/
shadow /adau/ n. 阴影 ; 影子 ;背光 处 (1) n.pl. ] 环境 ;周围 的 事物 Q)
Shift /人 ft n. 改变 ; 转换 ; 轮班 suspect /so'spekt/ vt. & vi. REE; 疑 有 ; 不 信任
vi. & vt. 转移 挪动; 转向 ) /'saspekt/ n. 犯罪 嫌疑 人 ; 可疑 对 象 (D)
shore /fo:(r)/ n. Hs 滨 swallow /swplau/ vt. & vi. BF; 咽 下 (5)

120
Vocabulary “一 一

swell /swel vi.( swelled, swollen ) BAK; BRAK (5) tremendous /tra'mendos/ adj. 巨大 的 ; 极 大 的 (2)

swollen /'swaulon/ trick /trik/ n. 诀窍 ; 计谋; 把 戏 (3)
adj.( 身体 部 位 ) 肿 起 的 ; 肿胀 的 (5) tutor /'tju:ta(r)/
n( 英国 大 学 中 的 ) HA; 导师 ; 家 庭 教师 (2)
aT
fu
Taylor /'terlo(r)/ 泰勒 (5)
technique /tek'nisk/ 7 技能; 技术 ; 技艺 (5) underneath /Andamni:6/
telescope /'teliskoup/ n. 望远镜 (1) prep. & adv. 在 …… 底 下 ; 隐藏 在 下 面 (5)
temper /‘tempo(r)/ n. BA; AA (3) urgent /‘s:dgont/ adj. 紧急 的 ; 急迫 的 ; BUN (5)
thanks to 幸亏 ;由 于 (D
the Belt and Road Initiative = V
“一 带 一 路 ”倡议 (2)
the big bang theory 大 爆炸 宇宙 论 (1) vaccine /'veksi:n/ n. 疫苗 (1)
the Jet Propulsion /pro'palfn/ Vancouver /veen'ku:va(r)/ 温哥华 ( 加 拿 大 城市 (4)
Laboratory 喷气 推进 实验 室 ( 美国 ) (1) vegetarian /,vedzoa'tearion/ n. 素食 者 (6)
thinking /‘O1nkin/ n. B48; 思维 ;见解 (1) Victim /‘viktim/ n. 受害 者 ;患者 (5)
throat /Orout/ n. 咽喉 ; HRA (5) vinegar /'vimiga(r)/ n. 88 (3)
thunder /'@ando(r)/ virus /'vairos/ n. 病毒 (1)
vi. 打雷 ; SI; SSRs vital sign 生命 体征 (5)
n. 雷 声 ; SBR (vitamin /‘vitomm; NAmE 'vart-/ n. 维生素 (3)
tight /tart/ vivid /‘vivid/ adj. 生动 的 ; 鲜明 的 ; 丰富 的 (1)
adj. 牢固 的 ; 紧身 的 ; 绷 紧 的 ; 严密 的
adv, 紧 紧 地 ; 牢固 地 (5) | W
tightly /tartli/ adv. 紧 紧 地 ;牢固 地 ;紧密 地 (5)
toast /toust/n. 烤 面 包 片 ; 吐 司 ; 干杯 ward /wa:d/ n. 5% (5)
vt, yee ERR welfare /'welfeo(r)/ n. 幸福 ; 福 社 ; 安康 ; 福利 (5)
vi. 烤 ( 尤 指 面包 ) (4) Winnipeg /‘winipeg/ 温 尼 伯 ( 加 拿 大 城市 ) (4)
Toronto /ta'rontau/ 多 伦 多 ( 加 拿 大 城市 ) (4) ”wrap /rap/ vt. es ( 用 手臂 等 ) BE G)
toxin /'toksin/
n. 毒素 ( 尤 指 细菌 产生 的 致 病 物质 ) © §Z
trace /trers/ vt. 追溯 ; 追踪 ; Bw
n. 痕迹 ;遗迹 ; 踪迹 (人 zone /zaun/ m.( 有 别 于 周围 的 ) 地 区 ; 地 带 ; 区 域 (2)
transform /trens'fo:m/ vt. 使 改观 ; 使 改变 形态 comfort zone 舒适 区 ;舒适 范围 2)
vi. 改变 ; 转变 (D

121

一 一 Appendices

122

Irregular Verbs 不 规则 动词

Verb | Past tense | Past participle Verb Pasttense | Past participle
arise arose arisen fight | fought fought
be (am, is, are)| was, were been find found found
bear bore | born, borne flee fled fled
beat beat | beaten fly flew | flown
become became become forget forgot forgotten
begin began begun forgive forgave forgiven
bend | bent bent freeze froze frozen
bet bet bet get got got/gotten
bite bit bitten give | gave given
bleed bled bled go | went gone
blow blew blown grow grew grown
break broke broken hang ( 悬挂) hung hung
bring brought brought have (has) had had
build built built hear heard | heard
burn burnt/ourned | burnyburned hide hid hidden
buy bought | bought hit hit hit
cast cast | cast hold held held
catch caught | caught hurt hurt hurt
choose chose chosen keep kept kept
come came come know knew known
cost cost cost lay laid aid
cut cut cut lead led led
deal dealt dealt lean leant/leaned leant/leaned
dig dug dug leap leapt/leaped leapt/leaped
do (does) did done learn earntlearned | learnt/learned
draw drew drawn eave eft | eft
dream dreamt/dreamed dreamt/dreamed lend lent | lent
drink drank drunk et et et
drive | drove driven ie( 躺 ) lay ain
eat ate eaten ight | lit/ighted it/lighted
fall fell | fallen jose lost ost
feed fed | fed make made made
feel felt | felt mean meant meant

Irregular Verbs ——

Verb Pasttense | Past participle Verb Pasttense | Past participle
meet met met slide slid slid
mistake mistook mistaken smell smelt/smelled | smelt/smelled
output output output speak spoke | spoken
overcome overcame overcome speed sped/speeded | sped/speeded
oversleep overslept overslept spell spelt/spelled spelt/spelled
pay paid paid spend spent spent
put put put spill spilt/spilled spilt/spilled
quit quit/quitted quit/quitted spread spread spread
read /ri:d/ read /red/ read /red/ stand stood stood
ride rode ridden steal | stole stolen
ring rang rung stick stuck stuck
rise rose risen strike struck struck/stricken
run ran run sweep swept swept
say said said swell swelled swollen
see saw seen swim swam swum
seek sought sought swing swung swung
sell sold sold take took taken
send sent sent teach | taught taught
set set set tell told told
shake shook shaken think thought thought
shine shone shone throw threw | thrown
shoot shot shot understand understood understood
show showed shown upset upset upset
shut shut shut wake woke woken
sing sang sung wear wore worn
sit sat sat win won won
sleep slept slept write wrote written

123

本 册 教 科 书 是 人 民 教 育 出 版 社 课程 教材 研究 所 英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心 与 美国 圣 智
学 习 集 团 合作 ， 依 据 教 育 部 《普通 高 中 英语 课程 标准 ( 2017 年 版 )》 编 写 的 ， 经 国家 教材
委员 会 2019 年 审查 通过 。

本 册 教 科 书 的 编写 ， 集 中 反映 了 我 国 十 余年 来 普通 高 中 课程 改革 的 成 果 ， 吸 取 了
2004 年 版 《普通 高 中 课程 标准 实验 教科 书 英语 》 的 编写 经 验 ， 凝 聚 了 参与 课 改 实验 的 教
育 专 家 、 学 科 专 家 、 教 材 编写 专家 、 教 研 人 员 和 一 线 教师 ， 以 及 教材 设计 装帧 专家 的 集体
智慧 。 本 册 教 科 书 的 执笔 者 还 有 Edward Yoshioka, Simon McCue, Gregory McCormick,
Rayne Ngoi、 陈 力 、 熊 金霞 、 郭 砚 冰 、 庄 力 、 赵 静 宜 。 为 本 册 书 提供 整体 设计 的 是 吕 受 、
胡 白 珂 ， 绘 制 插图 的 是 怡 彩 艺术 设计 。

我 们 感谢 2004 年 版 《普通 高 中 课程 标准 实验 教科 书 英语 》 的 副 主编 秦 亚 夫 和 编写 人
员 Dodie Brooks, Maggie Aldhamland, Joanna Karmel、 带 翔 宇 等 。 我 们 感谢 为 本 册 书 提
供 专业 支持 的 北京 急救 中 心 。 我 们 感谢 所 有 对 教科 书 的 编写 、 出 版 、 试 教 等 提供 过 帮助 与
支持 的 同仁 和 社会 各 界 朋友 。

本 册 教 科 书 出 版 之 前 ， 我 们 通过 多 种 渠道 与 教科 书 选 用 作品 〈 包 括 照片 、 画 作 ) 的 作
者 进行 了 联系 ， 得 到 了 他 们 的 大 力 支持 。 对 此 ， 我 们 表示 衷心 的 感谢 !

我 们 真诚 地 希望 广大 教师 、 学 生 及 家 长 在 使 用 本 册 教 科 书 的 过 程 中 提出 宝贵 意见 。 玫
们 将 集思广益 ， 不 断 修 订 ， 使 教科 书 趋 于 完善 。

7

联系 方式
电话 : 010-58758866
电子 邮箱 : jctk@pep.com.cn

人 民 教 育 出 版 社 课程 教材 研究 所
英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中
2019 年 4 月

b>
谨 向 为 本 书 提供 照片 的 单位 和 人 士 致谢

东方 IC 图 片 网 ( P2 一 张 图 ，P49 一 张 图 ，P63 一 张 图 ) ;

全 景 网 (P30 一 张 图 ) ;

法 国 巴 黎 科学 工业 城 (Po 五 张 图 ) ;

Getty Images (P11 一 张 图 ，P38 一 张 图 ，P50 一 张 图 ，P94 两
张 图 ，P95 两 张 图 ) ;

iStock (P11 一 张 图 ，P42 一 张 图 ，P64 一 张 图 )。

普通 高 中 教科 书 ”英语 ”选择 性 必修 ”第 二 册
ISBN 978-7-107-34790-0 定价 : 9.55 元
价格 依据 文件 号 : 京 发 改 规 [2016]13 号 ”举报 电话 : 12315

Bis A lll 5 Gia

