通 高 中 教科 书

oe

ENGLISH

ENGLISH

选择 性 必修

第 三 册

人 民 教 育 出 版 社 ”课程 教材 研究 所

(中 国 )

英语 课程 教材 妖
(美国 ) 圣 智 学

A Ad: A nS He

“北京 ，

究 开发 中 心
习 集 FA

编著

出 于 自用 和 兴趣 ， 收 集 了 相关 系列 的 课本 和 文档 。

本 课本 是 完整 版 ， 若 在 使 用 过 程 中 ， 发 现 有 问题 ， 请 与 我 们 联系 。

非常 重要 声明 : 我 们 收集 的 文档 全 部 都 来 源 于 网 络 ， 所 有 版 权 都
归 相 关 出 版 社 ， 如 果 冒 犯 你 的 权益 ， 我 们 会 进行 相关 处 理 。 请 广

大 使 用 者 在 使 用 过 程 中 务必 注意 这 一 点 。

我 们 努力 收集 相关 的 教材 ， 练 习 ， 教 案 及 相关 文档 ， 只 为 自己 提
供 便 利 ， 可 能 也 为 你 提供 方便 。

如 果 可 能 ， 建 议 您 访问 相关 网 站 : 美英 桥 word 课本 网

〈《 http://www.wordkb.com/ ) 和 和 美英 桥 课 本 信息 网
Chttp://www.textbook-info.com/) , 或 者 发 邮件 至 key51@qq.com
与 我

们 联系 。

谢谢 !
主 HR: 刘 道义 郑 旺 全
副 主 编 : 吴 欣 SRR EL

编写 人 员 : Patrick Wallace Tim Gibbs Simon McCue Edward Yoshioka
MH 菲 ， 王 生 军 鹿 华 唯 FEO

责任 编辑 : AAR EAR
美术 编辑 : 胡 白 珂

普通 高 中 教科 书 ”英语 ”选择 性 必修 ”第 三 册
人 民 教 育 出 版 社 课程 教材 研究 所
英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心 编著
(美国 ) 圣 智 学 习 集 团

(中

出 版 A A Ae Aw raat

(北京 市 海淀 区 中 关 村 南大 街 17 号 院 1 SPE BA. 100081 )
网 tik http://www. pep. com. en
重 印 山东 出 版 传媒 股份 有 限 公司
发 FT 山东 新 华 书店 集团 有 限 公司
印 Mill 山东 泰安 新 华 印 务 有 限 责任 公司
版 次 2020 年 3 月 第 1 版
印 “次 2020 年 11 月 山东 第 1 次 印刷
开 本 890 毫米 x1240 BK 1716
印 张 8
FF Km 220 千 字
书 “号 ISBN 978 -7-107-34789 -4
定价 9.22 元 (上 光 )

版 权 所 有 “' 未 经 许可 不 得 采用 任何 方式 擅自 复制 或 使 用 本 产品 任何 部 分 . 违 者 必 究
如 发 现 内 容 质量 问题 ， 请 登录 中 小 学 教材 意见 反馈 平台 : jcyjfk. pep. com. en
山东 出 版 传媒 股份 有 限 公 司 教材 中 心 售后 服务 电话 : 0531 - 82098188

(SEStHAS RB) SHTEMMNKHRRSE, HE (SRSPRBRER
准 ( 2017 年 版 )》 的 精神 ， 充 分 征求 广大 师 生 的 反馈 意见 ， 在 《普通 高 中 课程 标准 实验 教科
B 英语 》 的 基础 上 精心 修订 而 成 。 此 次 教材 修订 的 主要 目的 是 : 全 面 落实 立 德 树 人 根本 任
务 ， 培 育 社会 主义 核心 价值 观 ， 弘 扬中 华 优秀 文化 ， 充 分 体现 英语 课程 工具 性 和 人 文 性 的 统
一 ， 发 展 学 生 的 语言 能 力 、 文 化 意识 、 思 维 品 质 和 学 习 能 力 等 英语 学 科 核 心 素养 ， 充 分 体现
英语 学 科 特 殊 的 育 人 价值 ， 培 养 具有 中 国情 怀 、 国 际 视野 和 跨 文化 沟通 能 力 的 社会 主义 建设
者 和 接班 人 。

修订 后 的 教材 主要 具有 以 下 特点 :

注重 思想 引领 教材 融入 了 社会 主义 核心 价值 观 的 基本 内 容 和 要 求 ， 注 重 培养 学 生 良好
的 政治 素质 、 道 德 品质 和 健全 人 格 ， 弘 扬中 华 优秀 文化 ， 增 强 文化 自信 ， 引 导 学生 形 成 正确
的 世界 观 、 人 生 观 和 价值 观 。

反映 时 代 要 求 ”教材 充分 反映 当代 社会 发 展 新 变化 、 科 技 进步 新 成 果 ， 展 示 新 时 代 中 国
特色 社会 主义 新 成 就 ， 将 先进 的 教育 思想 和 理念 融入 教材 之 中 ， 同 时 紧密 结合 学 生 的 学 习 和
生活 实际 ， 关 注 信息 化 环境 下 学 生 的 发 展 需求 。

强调 语言 实践 ”教材 以 英语 学 习 活 动 观 为 指导 ， 以 主题 为 引领 ， 以 语 篇 为 依托 ， 通 过 板
块 式 设计 将 语言 知识 与 听 、 说 、 读 、 看 、 写 等 技能 有 机 整合 ， 强 调 学 习 过 程 和 学 习 策略 ， 突
出 活动 目标 ， 让 学 生 用 语言 做 事情 ， 在 实践 中 培养 语言 运用 能 力 和 创新 思维 。

突出 文化 意识 ”教材 通过 展示 多 姿 多 彩 的 中 外 文化 来 培养 学 生 对 中 华文 化 的 认同 和 传承 ，
加 深 对 人 类 优秀 文化 的 学 习 和 鉴赏 ; 通过 让 学 生 分 析 中 外 文化 异同 ， 发 展 其 多 元 思维 和 批判
性 思维 ， 增 强 学 生 跨 文化 理解 和 跨 文 化 沟通 能 力 ， 构 建 人 类 命运 共同 体 意识 。

激发 学 习 动机 ”教材 以 真实 性 、 趣 味 性 、 规 范 性 和 经 典 性 作为 内 容 选 编 原 则 ， 主 题 覆 盖
面 广 ， 语 篇 题材 和 体裁 丰富 ， 活 动 呈现 形式 多 样 ， 版 式 设 计生 动 活 泌 且 富有 美感 ， 力 求 激发
学 生 的 学 习 兴 趣 和 动机 ， 引 发 他 们 积极 思考 、 主 动 参与 语言 实践 活动 ， 提 升 英语 学 习 效率 。

满足 不 同 需求 ”教材 编排 内 容 和 活动 设计 既 充分 考虑 学 生 的 共同 基础 ， 又 兼顾 学 生 不 同
的 能 力 水 平和 学 习 需 求 ， 提 供 了 拓展 性 的 教学 内 容 ， 为 教师 灵活 使 用 教材 进行 教学 提供 了 便
利 ， 也 切实 促进 学 生 的 个 性 发 展 。

本 套 教 材 为 高 中 英语 教学 提供 了 丰富 的 教学 资源 。 希 望 教材 能 够 帮助 同学 们 打下 坚实 的
语言 基础 ， 提 高 英语 水 平 ， 获 得 全 面 发 展 ; 同时 也 希望 老师 们 能 够 充分 利用 教材 ， 在 实践 中
不 断 完 善 教学 ， 取 得 良好 的 教学 效果 。

编者
2020 年 4 月

Pd
4

CONTENTS

p.1

p. 13

p. 25

p. 37

p. 49

Theme

UNIT 1

ART

UNIT 2

HEALTHY
LIFESTYLE

UNIT 3

ENVIRONMENTAL
PROTECTION

UNIT 4

ADVERSITY AND
COURAGE

UNIT 5

POEMS

WORKBOOK

Reading

A Short History of Western Painting
Identify change
Ancient Chinese Art on Show

The Starry Night

Habits for a Healthy Lifestyle
Find the main idea of a paragraph
Letters to the Editor

My Experiences with Computer Games

Climate Change Requires World
Attention

Draw a diagram
Reducing Water Pollution in the Li River

Small Waste, Big Problem

A Successful Failure
Infer character traits and emotions

The Reward for Perseverance

Fan Zhongyan

A Few Simple Forms of English Poems
Poetry comprehension
Wind on the Hill / Dream / A Match

Exploring Poetry in China

Unit 1
Unit 2
Unit 3
Unit 4
Unit 5

p. 61
p. 68
p.75
p. 82
p. 89

Listening

An ink wash animation film
Listen for signpost markers

The purpose of art

Breaking and building habits

Distinguish facts from
opinions

Stress management

Talking about air pollution
Summarise information

A forest in the sand

The rescue
Identify cause and effect
How to deal with adversity

Attending a poetry
contest

Use your prior knowledge

Robert Burns and
Auld Lang Syne

Speaking

Making a
presentation

Asking for and
giving advice

Accepting and
refusing advice

Referring
to common
knowledge

Exploring options

Praising and
encouraging

Pronunciation:
read poetry
aloud

Writing

An announcement
for an art exhibition

A letter to the
editor

A report on an
environmental
issue

An essay about
Shackleton
and his men on
Endurance

A poem

APPENDICES

Structure

Infinitives (2) as the
predicative

Infinitives (3) as the
subject

Direct speech &
indirect speech

The present perfect
continuous tense

Review of tenses

Review of relative
clauses

Notes
Grammar

*Project

Do a talk show
about an artist

Do a health survey

Prepare an
environmental
proposal

Give a report
on people who
persevere

Organise a poetry
contest

*Video Time

Qingming Shang
He Tu

Did Laughter
Evolve to Make
Us Healthy?

Green School in
Uruguay

Antarctic
Challenge

The Poet Su Shi

p. 96
p. 104

Words and Expressions in Each Unit p. 106

Vocabulary

Irregular Verbs

p. 112
p. 119
>)

2

Reading and Thinking

Learn about different painting styles in Western art

1 Before you read, look at the paintings Y
in this section. What do you know about Identify change
them? Do you know who painted them? To help identify the changes that an
article talks about, look for words that
express change, such as development,
2 Read the passage and make a flow breakthrough, innovation, begin, and shift,
chart to show the changes in Western and the construction from... to...

painting styles.

A SHORT HISTORY OF WESTERN PAINTING

What is Western art? It is hard to give a precise definition. As there have been so many
different styles of Western art, it is impossible to describe them all in a short text. Perhaps the
best way to understand Western art is to look at the development of Western painting over
the centuries.

The Middle Ages (from the 5th to the 15th century)

During the Middle Ages, the purpose of Western art was to teach people about Christianity.
Thus, artists were not interested in painting realistic scenes. Their works were often primitive
and two-dimensional, and the main characters were often made much larger than
everyone else to show their importance. This began to change in the 13th century with
Giotto di Bondone (1267-1337). While his paintings still had religious themes, they showed
real people in a real environment. In particular, his paintings are set apart from other
paintings by their realistic human faces and deep emotional impact.

The Renaissance (from the 14th to the 17th century)

New ideas and values gradually replaced old ones from the Middle Ages. As a result,
painters concentrated less on religious themes. They began to adopt a more humanistic
attitude to life. An important breakthrough during this period was the use of perspective
by Masaccio (1401-1428). Influential painters such as Leonardo da Vinci (1452-1519),
Michelangelo (1475-1564), and Raphael (1483-1520) built upon Giotto and Masaccio’s
innovations to produce some of the greatest art that Europe
had ever seen.

Another innovation was the use of oil paints. With their deep
colours and realism, some of the best oil paintings look like
photographs. While painters as early as Da Vinci had used oil,
this technique reached its height with Rembrandt (1606-1669),
who gained a reputation as a master of shadow and light.

In subject matter, the emphasis increasingly shifted from
religious themes to people and the world around us. Kings,
nobles, and people of high rank wanted to purchase
accurate pictures of themselves and the people they loved.
Others wanted paintings showing important historical events
or stories from mythology. Finally, most clients wanted
paintings that were beautiful and interesting to look at.

Self-Portrait with Shaded Eyes

UNIT 1 ART

Impressionism (late 19th to early 20th century)

The development of Western art slowed until the invention
of photography in the mid-19th century. After that,
paintings were no longer needed to preserve what people
and the world looked like. Hence, painters had to find a
new way of looking at their art. From this, Impressionism
emerged in France. The name of this new movement
came from the painting by Claude Monet (1840-1926)
called Impression, Sunrise. In this work, Monet's aim was
to convey the light and movement in the scene—the
subjective impression the scene gave him—but not a
detailed record of the scene itself.

Impression, Sunrise

While many Impressionists painted scenes of nature or daily life, others, such as Renoir (1841-
1919), focused on people. Unlike the cold, black-and-white photographs of that time period,
Renoir's paintings are full of light, shadow, colour, and life. He sought to show not just the outer
image of his subjects, but their inner warmth and humanity as well.

Modern Art (from the 20th century to today)

After Impressionism, subsequent artists began to ask, “What do we do next?” Painters such
as Picasso (1881-1973) tried to analyse the shapes which existed in the natural world but in a
new way, with Cubism. Others gave their paintings a realistic but dream-like quality. Still others
turned to abstract art. What they attempted to do was no longer show reality, but instead to
ask the question, “What is art?”

The Middle Ages — The Renaissance _ Impressionism ， Modern Art

®@ religious themes

3 Match the paintings below with the correct period of art. Use the information
in the reading passage to help you.

4 Discuss the following questions in groups.

1 Which period of Western art do you like most? Why are you fond of it?
2 How would you answer the question, “What is art?”

UNIT 1 ART
Learning About Language

Build up your vocabulary

1

In groups, brainstorm EXAMPLE
words and phrases

concerning art and

then make a mind

map to connect them.

_— fine art 一

sculptor

1 tools painter

Read the passage about Monet and Impressionism. Fill in the blanks with the
correct forms of the words or phrases in the box.

be fond of emerge influential in particular
purchase realistic subjective theme

Unlike the earlier Realists who painted in a style,
Impressionist painters focused more on their
feelings of things and instant impressions. When Impressionism
in France in the late 19th century, artists became
& more interested in everyday subject matter. They were also
A fascinated by modern objects. As one of the most
_ Impressionist painters, Claude Monet was impressed by the visual
effects of the steam engine , and he later produced
twelve paintings of a train station in Paris. In 1883, Monet and his
=; large family moved to Giverny, where he a house
and some land for his gardens. During his days at Giverny, Monet
painting his own gardens, with the water lilies, the
pond, and the arched bridge. From this we can see that there were two clear
apparent in his work throughout his career: colours and reflections in water.

Work in groups. Look up each group of words in the dictionary and discuss their
differences. Then create a blank-filling activity based on your understanding of
these words. Exchange your activity with another group and see how well you
can do.

accurately/precisely/exactly | rank/grade/degree __realistic/practical/actual
reputation/fame/popularity | subsequent/later/latter

EXAMPLE
realistic / practical / actual

* You need to have realistic expectations of the returns from investments.

e The bride appeared five years younger than her actual age.

¢ Mr Liu has a lot of practical experience in restoring historic buildings.

UNIT 1 ART
Discover useful structures

1 Read these sentences and fill in the blanks using the correct words from the
text on pages 2 and 3. Discuss with your partner the function of the italicised

infinitives.
1 Perhaps the best
Western painting over the centuries.

2 During the Middle Ages, the
Christianity.

In this work, Monet’s

to understand Western art is to look at the development of
of Western art was to teach people about

was to convey the light and movement in the scene ...

was no longer show reality, but instead to ask the question, “What is art?”

2 Match the sentence halves and underline the nouns or clauses used as the
subject in each sentence. Explain the meanings of the complete sentences.

1 The young singer's intention of
performing the song was
The best way to do business is
What the survivors attempted to do was
The main purpose of art education in
schools is

5 The aim of the two leaders at the
conference was

6 Fora humble person, one of the hardest
things might be

7 When you are faced with a serious
decision, my suggestion is

8 The mother believes her duty is

9 All he wanted after a tiring day was

ae SE Gy. Hn

to build trust between you and your
client.

to achieve permanent peace between
their two countries.

to build a memorial to the heroes who
saved their lives.

to share his love for rock music with
his fans.

to be left alone.

to criticise other people.

to inspire students to be creative.

to listen to your own inner voice.

to raise her son to become a man with
a noble mind and a generous heart.

3 Work in pairs. Make conversations using the following questions and sentence

patterns.

What's your biggest dream/ambition in life?

hp 呈

How are you going to make your dream
come true?

How are you going to achieve your goal?
Do you have any plans?

What might be difficult for you?

How are you going to deal with ...?

oar Ww

© My biggest dream/ambition in life is {On

| think all | have to dois ...

® My planisto...

® | think one of the hardest things might be ...

® | guess the best way to... is... :

UNIT 1 ART 5
Using Language

Talk about works of art

1 Before you listen, look at the following pictures and discuss the questions in
groups. Use the words and phrases in the box to help you.

These pictures are representative of ink wash animation films. Have you seen any of them
before? What do you know about them?

ink wash animation film ink wash painting Qi Baishi frame
Tadpoles Searching for Mother The Cowboy's Flute
Feeling from Mountain and Water — gugqin symphony hand-painted

2 Listen to the presentation and put the following items in the order that you hear

them.

the background of ink wash animation films
a short review of the film

introduction to the topic of the presentation
a description of the story in the film

an explanation of the decline in ink wash animation

() 3 Listen again and answer the questions.

6

Which film does the speaker mainly talk about?

When were the three ink wash animation films produced?

Why is the film regarded as a masterpiece of Chinese ink wash animation?
What is the speaker's attitude towards the ink wash animation style?

How do you feel about this kind of film?

ODN 一

UNIT 1 ART
(© 4 Listen again and tick the signpost words that you hear.

0

Introducing the topic

Starting a point

Giving

Summarising the points

Listen for signpost markers

Signpost markers are phrases and expressions that are used to tell a listener what is going
to be talked about next. Speakers use signpost markers when they want to introduce a
new topic, to start a new point, to give an example, to summarise, etc. By listening for
signposts, you will be able to follow what is being said.

Making a presentation

’m glad to have this opportunity to ...
Today, ld like to talk/speak (to you) about ...
My topic today is ...

‘d like to share some thoughts on ...

Let me/Let’s start by ...

First, let me tell you about ...

‘ve divided rny topic into ... parts: ...
Let’s turn now to...

全 人

For instance, ...

For example, ...

Take ... for example, ...

Let me illustrate, ...

To illustrate, ...

Let me give you an example, ...

an example

作品 人 加 由己

In conclusion, ...
To conclude, ...
In short, ...

To sum up, ...
Allin all, ...

In brief, ...

OGOOOO

5 Work in groups. Choose a work of art you like and prepare information about it. Use
the table below to help you. Then give a presentation about the work of art to the
class.

Main
body

Welcome the audience:
Introduction
Introduce the subject:

Background of
the work of art

Description of
the work of art

Review of the
work of art

Conclusion

UNIT 1 ART

Using Language

Write an art exhibition announcement

™@) 1 Read the text and discuss for whom it was written.

€>x Q

ANCIENT CHINESE ART ON SHOW

The Richfield Museum of Fine Art is proud to present our new exhibition, “From Shang to Qing:
Chinese Art Through the Ages.” Join us as we explore more than 3,000 years of wonderful art
from the Middle Kingdom. From bronze bowls to ceramic vases, and jade sculptures to ink wash

paintings, our goal is to display the Chinese artistic genius from ancient times.

The highlight of this exhibition is the painting Clearing After Snow on a
Mountain Pass, one of the great works of Tang Yin (1470-1524). Born during

the Ming Dynasty, Tang sought and failed to gain entry into the civil service,

so he turned to painting instead. In time, he gained recognition as one of the
greatest artists China has ever known. This painting, showing high mountains, |
trees, and houses covered in snow, was made with extraordinary skill. Though it

is over 500 years old, it looks as fresh and full of life as the day it was created.

Also of primary note is a collection of nearly 100 bronze objects from the Shang
Dynasty (1600 BCE-1046 BCE). While the artists who made these great works are
not known, they showed great skill in creating these beautiful pieces. Some of the

items on display are thought to have come from the collection of Emperor Qianlong
(1711-1799), a great admirer of Shang Dynasty bronze.

Finally, we have many fine examples of Tang Dynasty (618-907) sculptures. Most of these are
of Buddhist origin. Even though Buddhism entered China much earlier, it did not really begin to
show expansion until the seventh century. During this same period, trade along the Silk Road also
boomed. Chinese sculpture thus found itself highly influenced by Buddhist art brought from India
and Central Asia through the Silk Road. These works were intended to spread Buddhism and they
are of exceptional beauty and quality. Looking at the faces of the figures in these

sculptures, one sees the faces of the past. History is brought to life.

This is just a small taste of what is in store for you in this exhibition. We guarantee
that “From Shang to Qing: Chinese Art Through the Ages” will transport you to
another time with its amazing collection of works.

“From Shang to Qing: Chinese Art Through the Ages” will run until November 25.

Opening hours are from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., from Tuesday to Sunday (the museum
is closed on Mondays). No one will be admitted into the exhibition after 4:30 p.m.

Admission: $10 for adults; $8 for students; $5 for children under 12; free for children
under 5.

No photos or food and drink are allowed in the museum.

8 UNIT 1 ART
2 Read the text again and complete the advertising leaflet below.

THE RICHFIELD

OF FINE ART NEW EXHIBITION

More than of wonderful art from China on display.

Highlights:
¢ The painting Clearing After Snow on a Mountain Pass, by 了
¢ Acollection of nearly 100
¢ Many fine examples of

You will

Date: Now until ‘
Opening hours: a.m. to p.m.
Museum is closed on
Tickets: Adults $ ,Students$_——_, Children under 12 $5,
Children under 5 free

No photos or food and drink allowed in museum.

3 You are now going to write an announcement for art club members about a trip to
see an exhibition.

1 Work in groups. Brainstorm the details about the exhibition and take notes. For example:

s What is the exhibition about? es Where shall you meet?
s What are the highlights? s How are you going to get there?
e When are you going? e What should you bring?

2 Write your announcement based on your notes.

To:
From:
Subject: On: 2) we will go to see
This exhibition is ...
ee ee eee ae

Exchange drafts with a partner. Use this checklist to give feedback on your
partner's draft.

Y Is the announcement clear and to the point?

Y Is all the necessary information about the exhibition and the trip included?

Y Does the writer use correct grammar, punctuation, and spelling?

5 Get your draft back and revise it. Then put up your announcement in the classroom.

UNIT 1 ART
Assessing Your Progress

1 Complete the sentences with the correct forms of the words in the box.

dimension emerge exhibition guarantee investment
purchase recognition representative visual

1 The first principle for any art collector is to only what you love.
2 If you are not interested in works of art by classical masters, contemporary art by
artists is also worthy of your attention.

3 In the art market, no one can that an artist will be a good

4 The art competition gives young artists a chance to gain from the most
respected art professionals.

5 Different from other art forms, sculpture operates in three :
The From Rembrandt to Vermeer is quite of the Dutch Golden
Age of art.

2 Use your own ideas to complete the sentences, using infinitives as the predicative.

If you want to learn how to paint, my advice is
My plan for the summer holiday is
The most challenging thing for me might be
My ideal job is

If you want to be successful, the least you could do now is
What | want to do this weekend is

oa nh wn 一

3 Look at the paintings below and identify each painting style. Explain how you know.

© What new information concerning art have you learnt from this unit?

Which artist mentioned in the unit do you like most? Why?

Which art style would you like to learn more about? Why?

© Which part of this unit did you find the most difficult? How did you overcome it?
© Overall, | thought this unit was © interesting © useful © so-so ©) difficult,

10 UNIT1 ART
* Project: Do a talk show about an artist

You are going to make a role-play of a talk show which has a famous artist as the guest.

1 Ingroups, brainstorm a list of famous artists and their representative works.
Here are some ideas.

- geo
La Primavera, by Sandro Botticelli (1445-1510) Le Poéte, by Auguste Shrimps, by Qi Baishi
Rodin (1840-1917) (1864-1957 )

2 Decide on which artist your group is going to talk about.

3 Choose one person to be the talk show host, one person to be the artist, and the
remaining members to be family members, friends, teachers, or art critics. Have
each person do research on the artist and prepare notes on what he/she will say.

s talk show host: questions for the guests

* artist: biography of the artist, philosophy towards art, details about his/her most
representative works

s family: What was the artist like when he/she was a child or growing up? What was it like
living with the artist? What do they think of the artist’s talent and work?

e friends: How did they meet the artist? What is the artist like as a person? What do they
think of the artist and his work?

e teacher: What was the artist like as a student? Could he/she imagine that the artist would
grow up to be famous?

s art critics: How is the artist’s work critically received?

4 Nowrole-play your talk show before your class.

Notes for doing the talk show: 0

s Keep in mind that guests may have different opinions as to what the artist is like
and how talented he/she was, so they should feel free to disagree and discuss.

sf possible, the group should also find large photos or posters of the artist's
representative work to be used as talk show exhibits.

* ‘Towards the end of the talk show, the host should go out into the “audience”
(.e., the class) and take questions from the audience.

UNIT1 ART 11

*Video Time 避

Qingming Shang He Tu

One of the most famous Chinese paintings in the

: world is the Qingming Shang He Tu or Along the River
During the Qingming Festival, by Zhang Zeduan, a

- court painter for the emperor during the Northern
Song Dynasty. —

BEFORE YOU WATCH

What do you know about the Chinese painting Qingming Shang He Tu? Read
the statements below and decide whether they are true (T) or false (F).

1 Qingming Shang He Tu is no more than 24 cm wide and 520 cm long. af =

2 The painting was once lost during the Yuan Dynasty and hundreds of j _
copies were made. 7 FL

3 It is believed that the version in the Palace Museum is the Song Dynasty _ 本
original painting. us =

4 The painting shows life along the Yellow River during the Qingming Festival， T FO

5 The painting scroll also includes a short biography of Zhang Zeduan 全 =

and the seals of its previous owners. Ty Fi

WHILE YOU WATCH

1 Check the answers in Before You Watch.
2 Take notes about the details that are displayed in the painting.

Left Right
The city The first city The roads The Rainbow Theroadand The countryside
gate leading to Bridge the river
the city

AFTER YOU WATCH
Discuss the following questions in groups.

1 What does the following statement mean: “This painting’s great appeal is that it provides us

with a look into ordinary people’s lives in the Song Dynasty”? Who do you think the painting
is most appealing to?

2 Do you know of any other paintings like this one?

12 UNIT1 ART
In this unit, you will Look and discuss

1 read about developing a healthy lifestyle. 1 How do you think the people feel in the
2 hear and talk about breaking and building photos?

habits. 2 Do you think they are all leading a healthy
3 read about making good lifestyle choices and lifestyle? Why or why not?

write your own story.
4 explore a lifestyle experiment and its results.

Reading and Thinking

Learn to develop good health habits

1 Before you read, discuss these questions in groups.

1 Are bad habits easy to change? Why or why not?
2 What habits do you think are unhealthy?
3 What can you do to correct these bad habits?

m@) 2 Read the text and find out what main ideas 0)
are included in it. Tick the correct ones.

A How to change a bad habit and create good ones
B The cycle of how habits are formed

Find the main idea of a
paragraph

i
i
和
i

The main idea is sometimes
stated in either the opening or

C Habits that can help us study better Closing sentence. If not, look for

. . another “standout” sentence, or
D Changing habits gradually summarise the paragraph in your
E No easy way to change bad habits mind by asking yourself, “What is

it mainly about?”
SDSS LEDER STB SEDER TRI RES CORES

|_| F What a habit is
[_] G Why bad teenage habits should be changed

HABITS FOR A HEALTHY LIFESTYLE

As teenagers grow up, they become more independent and start making their own
decisions. However, during this period, it can be easy for some of them to form bad
habits. These bad habits, if left unchecked, could lead to more serious ones when they
become adults. For example, some of them may become involved in tobacco or alcohol
abuse, which can lead to physical and mental health problems. To prevent harmful
habits like these from dominating a teenager's life is essential. They must learn to
recognise bad habits early and make appropriate changes.

To change bad habits is never easy, even with many attempts. There is a famous saying
based on the philosophy of Aristotle: “We are what we repeatedly do.” In many ways,
our lifestyle is the sum of choices we have made. We make a choice to do something,
and then we repeat it over and over again. Soon that choice becomes automatic and
forms a habit that is much harder to change. The good news is that we can change, if we
understand how habits work.

According to modern psychology, we must first learn
about the “habit cycle”, which works like this:

。 Firstly, there is a “cue”, an action, event, or / ~\

situation that acts as a signal to do something. THE
HABIT

。 Secondly, there is a “routine”, the regular action CYCLE (Str

you take in response to the cue.
。 Thirdly, there is the “reward”, the good thing or —
feeling we get from the routine.

14 UNIT 2 HEALTHY LIFESTYLE

For example, when we feel unhappy (cue), we eat lots of unhealthy snacks (routine),
which makes us feel happy (reward). The reward makes us much more likely to
continue the cycle, and the bad habit of relying on unhealthy snacks is formed.

To facilitate a positive change in our bad habits, we must first examine our bad habit
cycles and then try to adapt them. We can do this by combining the information from
our habit cycles with our own positive ideas. For example, we could try to replace a
negative routine with something more positive. So, when we feel unhappy again (cue),
rather than eat snacks, we could listen to some of our favourite music instead (routine),
which will make us feel relaxed (reward). Aside from changing bad habits, we can also
use the habit cycle to create good habits. For example, when we come to an escalator
(cue), our normal routine is to ride it, but we could change this routine into something
more positive by taking the stairs instead.

Many of us try to change bad habits quickly, and if we are not successful straight away,
we often become pessimistic and give up. In fact, the most successful way to change
is not suddenly, but over a period of time. As the Chinese philosopher Lao Zi wrote,
“A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.” One step seems small, but
it is essential. To reach the goal of change, a person must show some discipline and
repeatedly take many small steps. After all, it is not easy to break bad habits.

For young people, there is plenty of time to change bad habits. However, there is no
“magic pill” or delete button that will help you; you have to think about your bad habits
and decide on some changes. You have the power to build a happy and healthy life full
of good habits!

Read the text again and answer the questions.

1 How can a choice lead to a habit?

What are the three stages of the habit cycle?

What should we do to change a bad habit?

How can a person use discipline to help change a bad habit?

Will you use the habit cycle to break your bad habits? Why or why not?

ab wn

4 Work in groups. Complete the tasks. ROUTINE

1 Think of one bad habit and write down the cue,
routine, and reward. Then come up with an

idea of how to break the bad habit. CUE REWARD

2 Do you know any alternative ways to better
habits? Discuss with your partner which way

you think is most effective. So

UNIT 2 HEALTHY LIFESTYLE

15
Learning About Language

Build up your vocabulary

1 Complete the summary using the words from the box below.

alcohol appropriate cue cycle negative

pill psychology reward tobacco discipline
Teenagers often have bad habits. Most can be stopped by taking action. However,
habits like and abuse can lead to serious addictions. According
to modern , to change bad habits, we must first analyse them using the “habit

” To fix or improve a bad habit, we must first find out what the is. Then
we must change the old routine to something more positive. If successful, we will
feel a sense of and our bad habit may disappear. Changing a bad habit is difficult,
and it is easy to make excuses and give up. We need to make up our minds and show some

, and make small changes over time. There is no magic to help us, but

changing will ensure we have a happy and healthy life!

2 Find “verb + a habit” collocations from the previous text. Then make
sentences with them.

form a habit

change a habit

3 Complete the passage using the correct forms of the words in the box. Add
more sentences or paragraphs to the passage if possible.

examine dominate facilitate rely on

Simply speaking, a healthy lifestyle is about finding the right balance and making good choices.

Life is composed of many elements, such as family, friends, study, work, entertainment, and

so on. If one element your life and the others are ignored, you will lose balance and
not feel good.

Carefully

your daily activities. Your health what you choose to do in your daily
j life. A healthy lifestyle is generally a balanced life in which you make wise choices. Neither too
- -much nor too little is good.

Slowly

changes in your lifestyle by using a step-by-step process. You do not have to
change everything at once. Make small changes each day and your lifestyle will become healthier.

16 UNIT 2 HEALTHY LIFESTYLE
Discover useful structures
1

Look at the following sentences and pay attention to the italicised infinitives. .
Find more infinitives in the reading passage. In pairs, discuss their meanings
and functions.

1 To change bad habits is never easy.

2 It took the surgeon three hours to finish my mother’s lung surgery.

3 To join the People’s Liberation Army, it is required for men to shave off their beards.

4 It was not polite to disturb your neighbours with loud music last night.

Join the words to make full sentences, and then join the sentences to make
a paragraph. You can add your own sentences if necessary to make your
paragraph more meaningful.

1 important / avoid / passive cigarette smoking
It is important to avoid passive cigarette smoking.
2 will take / nutrition specialist / a balanced diet menu / make / an hour / for you

3 useful / turn to / fitness consultant / for advice

4 illegal / dangerous / take / drugs

5 harmful / skip breakfast / often

Complete the conversations with the correct forms of the phrases in the box.
begin with be in control of makeachoice _ decide on make up one’s mind

1 A: Hello, doctor. | want to lose weight, but | just can’t seem to do it. What can you do to

help me?
B: Well, first, it’s necessary to what you eat. Cut out all fatty food and sugary
drinks, and eat more fruit and vegetables.
2 A: | really need to a way to exercise more. | could use a fitness app, but my
phone’s full.

B: So delete a few files. I’m sure the app doesn’t take up much space.
3 A: Before exercising, always do a few warm-ups to

B: | know. But then | always feel too tired to continue!

A

4 A: Should | go for the pizza or the fried chicken? | hate like these. You
know what—|’m going to eat both!
B: Wow! Don’t eat too much junk food—you'll get fat. I’ve actually togoona

diet, so I'll just stick to the fruit salad.

UNIT 2 HEALTHY LIFESTYLE 17

Using Language

Give advice on changing bad habits

1 Look at the pictures. What choices or preferences make it easier for people to
develop these bad habits?

3 overeating

2 using a phone too much 5 drinking too much coffee

(>) 2 Listen to the conversation and complete the chart below.

Student 1 Student 2

Problem
Cue

Routine

Reward yore ae et AP

() 3 Listen again and answer these questions.

Why is a good night’s sleep important for the first student?

Why does the second student never exercise?

What is the expert’s bad habit? Do you think it is a health problem?
What would you advise the expert to do to control this habit?

性 m 有 一

18 UNIT 2 HEALTHY LIFESTYLE
4 Decide whether these statements from the conversation are facts (F) or opinions
(0). Discuss the opinions with a partner and see if you agree on them.

1
2

5

3

4
5

6
7
8

It was a really interesting talk. Y

It often takes me half an hour to fall Distinguish facts from opinions |

asleep at night. It is important to know whether what the ~

You look tired. Not enough sleep, speakers say is a fact or an opinion. An

right? opinion is a subjective statement and a
a . fact is objective. A fact is what really is true,

It is affecting my schoolwork. while an opinion is what you believe, often

| failed in all my school subjects this using phrases like “I think/believe’, “in my

semester. opinion”, “to me”, and so on.

| usually pick up my phone. J

| think the phone is the problem.
A five-minute walk is so easy that it is hard to say no!

Work in pairs. Choose a bad habit from the table below and have a conversation
with your partner about it. The expressions below may help you.

sleeping too much overeating game addict TV addict
Internet addict staying up too late overspending

Asking for and giving advice

° My problem is ... I think/believe you should ...

» I’m having problems with ... * So, why don’t you ...?
© I cannot stop ... » Well, have you thought about ...?
* Please give me some advice about ... s In my opinion, ...

Accepting and refusing advice

© Sure, I’ll do that. © Sorry, but I ...

ea That’s a good idea! ® I'd like/love to ..., but ...

es That’s just what I need! s That’s a good idea, but ...

© Lovely! s Thank you for telling me, but ...

® Great! s It’s a nice thought, but ...

s Terrific idea! ， ° I cannot ... because ...
EXAMPLE

A: | think I’m watching too much TV.
B: Yeah. Me too.

C: In my opinion, you should spend your time on something more active instead.
For example, try to get more exercise.

: OK, sure, I'll try that.

: That's a nice thought, but | don’t really enjoy exercising.
: Hmm. How about reading more books instead?

: All right, maybe I can try that.

Por

UNIT 2 HEALTHY LIFESTYLE

¢)

20

Using Language

Write a letter to the editor about your lifestyle

1 Two students attended the summer camp organised by the magazine Healthy Life
and wrote to the editor. Read the letters and then complete the chart on page 21.

Dear Editor,

After I attended your summer camp about
health and lifestyle choices, I realised I hardly
ever felt well, either physically or mentally. I
often felt sleepy and dizzy, and lacked passion.
Most worrying, though, I got the flu easily and
experienced many toothaches, too.

At the end of the camp I heard, “Change the
world by changing yourself.” This stimulated
my motivation. A dentist once examined me
and told me that too much sugar in my meals
had damaged my teeth and health. I made up
my mind to change two things in my life: to eat
nothing with sugar and to exercise regularly.

After that I stopped buying all the sweets,
biscuits, and sugary drinks that I used to have
every day. Whenever I went out with friends, I
brought snacks from home, things that didn’t have
any added sugar: fruit, nuts, dried meat, etc.

My exercise was very simple: I went outside
every day for at least 30 minutes and did
something active. Sometimes I played table tennis
or badminton with my cousins. Other times I
jumped on my skateboard and rode around my
neighbourhood, or just took a long walk.

The results have been fantastic. I feel more
dynamic and stronger than ever, in both body
and mind. I sleep soundly at night now. I no
longer suffer from a flu virus or toothaches
either. Best of all, in my opinion, is how I feel
about myself. I feel like I’m in control of my
own life. To make choices about myself is
within my own power. I CAN change myself. I
just need to try.

SN
RN
NSs

AY

UNIT 2 HEALTHY LIFESTYLE

Dear Editor,

As I took part in the summer camp about
personal life choices, I started to analyse my
choices, especially what I did to relax and how
it was affecting my whole life.

After starting high school, I felt stressed
out and always relaxed by playing computer
games. I got so absorbed that I played the
games day and night. Playing was fun, but I
felt even more worn out afterwards! So after
the camp, I realised that it was very, very
important to adjust my lifestyle. I decided to
take control of my life and find other ways to
relax.

It was a big struggle not to join my friends
in playing online games as I’m mad for them.
However, I realised that to succeed in quitting,
I had to replace it with something else. So
I thought about what to try. Rock climbing,
bowling, watching comedies, and playing

_ basketball were the things I thought of doing

instead.

Now my dad and I go rock climbing together
monthly! It has enhanced the quality of my
life, improving my health and increasing my
happiness. I get refreshed through climbing,
spend more time with my dad, and get to meet
new friends.

After six months of trying out new ways of
relaxing, I feel much more energetic. I feel that
I can change myself for the better. And if that’s
true for me, then it might truly be possible to
change the world for the better. As Gandhi said,
“Be the change you want to see in the world.”

Sincerely,
George Fielding

Wang Lu George Fielding

e did not feel

° felt

Problem felt , lacked
. efelt even more after
© got , experienced
Bah aeito * to
Decision
eto
© stopped
© goes

Action = ® exercises every day for

© more in
© feels much
Result ail
e sleeps ,no longer © feels he can
° feels like

2 Analyse the organisation of the letters. Label the paragraphs using the letters
below. Some paragraphs may cover more than one topic.

A identifying problem(s) B_ considering what to do
C what he/she has done to change D the results

3 Write a letter to the editor about one aspect of your own lifestyle that you would
like to change.

1

2

Brainstorm with your partner.

e What lifestyle habit you would like to change

e Why you want to change

se How you plan to change

e What result you hope to see

Draft your letter to the editor. Use the organisation of the letters above to help you.

4 Exchange drafts with a partner. Use this checklist to give feedback on your
partner's draft.

~ Does the letter say what the writer's problem is?

Y Does the letter explain the decisions the writer made to solve the problem?
Y Does the letter show the ways to change?

Y Are the results included in the letter?

~ Can you see the writer's attitude and determination in the letter?

Y Is the letter clear and complete?

5 Get your draft back and revise it. Then share your letter with the rest of the class.

UNIT 2 HEALTHY LIFESTYLE = 21

22

Assessing Your Progress

1

My father used to smoke

the nicotine in tobacco is
| persuaded my father to see a lung specialist. The specialist said my father should make a

Complete the passage using the correct forms of the words in the box.

monthly disturb harmful cigarette surgery consultant

far too often and was always coughing, which
me greatly. One day, | spoke to the health at my school. He said
and can do great damage to my father’s lungs. Then

plan to smoke less, otherwise he may need in the future. I’m so

glad my father agreed to make a plan to break his bad habit!

There are eight mistakes underlined in the passage. Correct them, read the
passage again, and then give a title to it.

It is not easy to manage stress successfully. When you are stressed, every problem

you have seems become worse. Serious stress can also lead to health issues,

such as dizziness, skin conditions, and breathing problems. So that is best to find

a solution as soon as possible. For minor stress, to wash your face with cold water

or go for a short walk outside. To fight long-term stress, it is a great idea taken up a

new hobby. Do something you really like—to_ride a skateboard, go bowling, or watch

a comedy—whatever stimulates your mind and makes you feel happy. Absorbing
stress effectively, however, you must be sure to do something that completely takes
your mind off everything else. If you can find something else to concentrate for a
while, you will most certainly feel much more refreshed later on. So remember, to
free yourself from stress, try and find something positive replace it with. After all, it is

far too stressful to stress all the time!

Do you know what a healthy lifestyle is after finishing this unit?

© What is the most useful thing that you have learnt in this unit?

© How can you use what you have learnt to improve your lifestyle?

© What new words and expressions have you learnt in this unit?

© Can you use the infinitive as the subject properly in different situations?
Overall, | thought this unit was “cool “useful “just OK ©) difficult.

UNIT 2 HEALTHY LIFESTYLE

*Project: Do a health survey

1 How wellare your classmates looking after their physical and mental health?
Work in groups and make a survey. Design a multiple-choice questionnaire
to collect information. Use online survey tools if possible to help you make,
distribute, and analyse your questionnaires.

PHYSICAL HEALTH
1 Ask questions about what to eat and drink, such as staple foods, snacks, drinks, and other

substances, etc.

EXAMPLE
How often do you skip meals?

[_] never once a day 口 several times a week Lothers:

2 Ask questions about what to do with one’s body, such as sitting, exercise, sleeping, etc.

MENTAL HEALTH -
1 Ask questions about what people do in their spare time, such as reading, watching TV, using
phone/Internet, playing video games, etc.
2 Ask questions about what people do to feel better when they are stressed, unhappy, or angry.
3 Ask questions about what to do with one’s mind, such as learning new things for fun, doing
creative activities, etc.

2 Each person in your group should help make the survey. Then ask classmates
outside your group to take the survey.

3 Collect and analyse the survey results by creating pie charts, bar charts, or other
ways of summarising data.

EXAMPLE
How Often Meals Are Skipped
, Never
Several times a week others 37%

8% 5%

Once a week
50%

4 Prepare a written or oral report, giving general recommendations for how to
solve the most common lifestyle problems that you have found among your
classmates.

UNIT 2 HEALTHY LIFESTYLE

23
Did Laughter Evolve to Make Us
。， Healthy?

Laughteris a natural medicine for es =
our health. It helps us to ease pain, feel

good, keep the blood vessels healthy, and is _
good for our soul and heart. :

BEFORE YOU WATCH

Look at the pours below and answer the questions.

1 What do you think these people are doing?

A Singing. B Practising laughter yoga. C Doing belly laughs.
2 Why do you think they are doing this?

A To amuse themselves.

B To tell everyone how happy they are.

C To reduce the likelihood of a heart attack or stroke.

3 How do you think they feel?

WHILE YOU WATCH

1 Check your answers in Before You Watch.
2 Answer these questions.

1 What do adults not necessarily remember?
2 Aside from making us feel good, what else does laughter do according to research?

3 What happens when you have 5-10 minutes of laughter, besides your blood vessels
opening up like you have gone jogging or taken cholesterol medication?

4 What does it mean when we say that laughter is contagious?
5 What will a mother usually do if she tickles her baby and the baby fusses or cries?

6 Which do you think is more important for bringing out the benefits of laughter, the act of
laughing or the social interaction connected to it? What are your reasons?

AFTER \

Discuss these questions in groups.

1 How does laughter make you feel?

2 What is your way to make other people laugh? Do you think the ability to create laughter
is some kind of talent?

24 UNIT 2 HEALTHY LIFESTYLE
@)

Reading and Thinking

Discuss climate change

1 Before you read, look at the graph and the picture below and discuss these
questions in groups.

1 Whatis the graph about? What information can you get from it?
2 Have you ever seen the photo before? What might be the story behind it?

2 Read the text and answer the questions.

What happened to the polar bear in the photo? Why did the writer write about it?
Why is the “natural” greenhouse effect important and necessary?

What are the consequences of high greenhouse gas emissions?

Why did the author mention the climate scientists’ warning?

What is the author's purpose of writing this text?

OP 一

CLIMATE CHANGE REQUIRES THE WORLD S ATTENTION

We have known about climate change for decades. There is little doubt that Earth is getting
warmer and warmer (see the graph). A warming ocean and atmosphere along with melting ice
and rising sea levels provide evidence of a dramatic change in the global climate.

Global Surface Temperature: 1920-2016 Base Period

1920 1928 1936 1944 1952 1960 1968 1976 1984 1992 2000 2008 ©2016
YEAR

In 2013, a lot of people were shocked by a news photo of a dead polar bear that was found on
Norway’s Arctic island of Svalbard. According to the scientists who found its dead body, all that
remained of the polar bear was “skin and bones”. An expert who has studied polar bears for
many years said that from the position of its dead body, the bear appeared to have starved and
died. Experts claimed that low sea-ice levels caused by climate change meant the bear could
not hunt seals as before, so it had to travel greater distances in order to find food. This alarming
case showed how the increase in temperature had an impact on Earth’s ecology.

Then what is causing the increase in the global average surface temperature? Climate scientists
often mention a key climate process called the “greenhouse effect”, which has two common
meanings: the “natural” greenhouse effect and the “man-made” greenhouse effect. The “natural”

greenhouse effect refers to the fact that heat from the sun enters the atmosphere and warms

Earth’s surface as short-wave radiation. The heat is released back into space at longer
wave lengths. Greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, such as methane and carbon dioxide,
trap some of the heat, keeping Earth’s climate warm and habitable. Without this process,
Earth could not sustain life. However, the “man-made” greenhouse effect has now become
a big problem. When people produce huge amounts of extra greenhouse gases by burning
fossil fuels, more heat energy is trapped in the atmosphere and causes Earth’s surface
temperature to rise quickly.

There is strong and comprehensive evidence that the rise in temperature has led to an
increase in extreme weather and natural disasters worldwide, not only causing serious
damage, but also costing human lives. Climate scientists have warned that if we do not take
appropriate actions, this warming trend will probably continue and there will be a higher
price to pay. In fact, news reports are frequently broadcast about extreme rainstorms and
heatwaves causing deaths and economic losses.

Continued greenhouse gas emissions will result in further warming and long-lasting changes to
the global climate. This requires the attention of people all over the world. Governments need to
consider making policies and taking appropriate actions and measures to reduce greenhouse
gas emissions. We as individuals can also reduce our “carbon footprint” by restricting the
amount of carbon dioxide our lifestyles produce. It is our responsibility to seize every opportunity
to educate everyone about global warming, along with its causes and impacts, because this is
the most serious issue affecting all of us on this planet. So what will you do to help?

3 Read the text again and create a diagram describing how the greenhouse effect
works.

0

Draw a diagram

Diagrams are very useful tools that can be used to
brainstorm ideas, map out processes, show cause and
effect relationships, explain a new idea or concept, and
so on. When you read an essay about scientific issues,
you can try drawing a diagram, which will not only
allow you to visualise the problems more clearly but
also can help demonstrate your creative thinking and
problem-solving.

4 Discuss these questions in groups.
1 What examples of extreme weather and disasters do you know? Can you make a list?
2 Do you think climate change is the result of human activity? Give your reasons.
3 Who do you think should take responsibility for dealing with climate change? What can we do?

Learning About Language

Build up your vocabulary
1 Complete the sentences with the correct forms of the words in the box.
broadcast comprehensive ecology starve seize

1 The Amazon basin, known as the “lungs of the world”, not only provides some
balance for the planet, but also food and resources for the local natives.

2 Thousands of baby penguins to death because the changing climate forced
their parents to leave them and travel long distances in search of food.

3 Many experts link China’s economic success to the reform that China has
undergone since 1978.

4 The speaker said the media should make more that spread awareness of the
climate crisis and possible solutions.

5 To deal with climate change, we must the initiative to do whatever is

necessary to protect our environment.
2 Complete the passage with the correct forms of the words in the box.
fuel policy release restrict sustain trend

Carbon dioxide is through human activities such as destroying forests and burning
fossil , as well as natural processes such as volcanic eruptions. The measurements
by climate experts show a rising of carbon dioxide emissions. If this continues, our
planet will face further environmental disasters. In response to this environmental issue, China
is implementing significant and measures to address climate change, aiming to
coal consumption, promote a harmonious relationship between man and nature,
build a energy system, and advocate a moderate, green, and low-carbon lifestyle.

3 The following words and phrases can all mean “to make something happen”.
Look them up in the dictionary and discuss their differences. Then create
sentences of your own using each of them.

© cause © be responsible for * bring about lead to s result in

EXAMPLE
* — According to the report submitted by researchers, between 20 and 25 percent of all annual

carbon dioxide emissions are caused by the destruction of tropical forests.
e A breakdown in the computer system was responsible for yesterday's chaos in the subway
station.

28 UNIT 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
Discover useful structures

1 Work in groups. Look at the sentences in both columns and discuss the
differences between each pair. Summarise the rules for changing direct
speech into indirect speech.

Direct Speech Indirect Speech
The expert said, “From the position of its The expert said that from the position of
1 dead body, the bear appeared to have its dead body, the bear appeared to have
starved and died.” starved and died.

2 The reporter asked, “Will polar bears die out The reporter asked whether polar bears

because of climate change?” would die out because of climate change.
3 The reporter asked, “How can we save The reporter asked how we could save
polar bears from extinction?” polar bears from extinction.
4 “Let's work together to stop climate The expert advised us to work together to
change,” the expert said. stop climate change.

2 Here are some statements and questions by children who attended scientific
lectures. Guess who they were talking to and then change the sentences into
indirect speech.

Name Statements/Questions

“What made Hurricane Katrina unusual?”

BIE “Was it the worst natural disaster in American history?”

“| want to become a scientist and help the world.”

pet “I'm doing a project on behalf of my school about global warming.”
Bob “Why is nuclear power a sensitive topic?”
“Could you explain how the nuclear disaster happened?”
“How many animals have disappeared because of human hunting?”
Laura “What can we do to help wild animals?”
. “I've never been to the Amazon Jungle.”
Vincent

“Will scientists discover new species there?”

3 Work in groups. Do a survey on what your group members are doing to help
the environment and what else they can do. Then report to the class.

Michelle | always use my cloth bag when | go shopping, rather than use plastic bags.
Jack | often walk or ride a bike instead of taking a taxi.
Sally Don't print out documents unless really necessary.
Joe Would it be best to share books with others?
EXAMPLE

| asked my group members what they did to limit the amount of carbon dioxide produced in their
daily lives. Jack told me that he often walked or rode a bike instead of taking a taxi. Joe advised
us to share books with others. Sally asked us ...

UNIT 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION . 29

Talk about air pollution

1 Before you listen, look at the pictures below and discuss the questions in groups.

1 What information can you get from
these pictures?
2 How do these situations influence

your life?

€) 2 Listen to an interview with an air pollution expert and decide whether the
statements are true {T or false (F}.

1 The expression “smog” originated in Britain and means a combination
of “smoke” and “fog”. TL] F

2 Smog became a severe problem in Britain because people at that time

burnt lots of fossil fuels. mT FO
The worst smog in British history happened in London in 1942. TL) F

4 The Great Smog of London claimed 5,000 lives. TO) FO
Later, the UK government ordered people not to burn wood in theirhomes. 工 Fi

30 UNIT 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
4 3 Listen again and take notes on what the expert
said. Then summarise the information you got
from the interview.

Ben Drake, an expert on air pollution, is being
interviewed on the radio. He said that smog was a
severe problem century

in Britain. At that time, Britain was experiencing
a boom in . Factories

0

Summarise information

In active listening, summarising
helps you review the key points of a
speaker's message. In order to write
a good summary, you must take
notes of the most important points
as you listen. When summarising,
you need to be as concise as
possible and use your own words.

and homes , which created smog. He also mentioned

the heavy smog in London

in 1952. Later the UK

government restricted in homes and forced factories to

. As smog is harmful to everyone, the expert advised us
to , use , and further develop

Work in groups. Discuss the questions. The expressions in the box may help you.

Have you experienced heavy smog where you live? Have you seen photos of big cities
under clouds of smog? What is it like?

What do you think are the major causes of smog in China?
What measures have the government and citizens taken to help address the problem?

Referring to common knowledge

» Everyone knows that ... © There is no doubt that ...
© Most people think that ... » We all know that ...
s As is known to all, ... ° It is obvious that ...

Vehicle restriction Tree planting

UNIT 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION

31
@)

Using Language

Write a report on an environmental issue

1 Look at the title and the picture below and discuss the questions.
1 What do you know about the Li River? Have you ever been there?
2 What do you think might have caused water pollution in the Li River?

2 Read the report and then answer the questions.

REDUCING WATER POLLUTION IN THE LI RIVER

The beautiful Li River and its amazing surrounding scenery is one of the most well-
known tourist destinations in China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. It attracts
millions of domestic and foreign visitors each year. However, its reputation as a top
destination has had negative effects on the river's water quality. This report looks at
the problem of water pollution and some actions that have been taken to deal with if.

Previously, water quality in the Li River had suffered greatly from an increasing volume
of tourists, many of whom frequently threw garbage into the river. Many tour boats
contributed to the problem too. Kitchens on board were using lots of oil, which was
often thrown into the water. The growth in tourism also meant the local population rose
rapidly, as well as the number of commercial and industrial enterprises. Water pollution
levels increased, with more household and commercial waste ending up in the river.
In order to feed more people, more chemicals were used to increase crop production.
These chemicals led to severe water quality issues, causing a decrease in the number
of fish species. Local officials were concerned that the pollution was damaging the
natural environment and felt that urgent steps should be taken to restore the river's
original beauty.

A comprehensive initiative was started, with a number of measures that addressed the
issues. The construction of waste water treatment facilities improved the water quality
and water conservation. The collection and transport of household waste was also
improved. Dozens of polluting enterprises were closed or moved. The local government
set up strict regulations regarding further industrial development. New rules were also
introduced regarding tour boat routes and garbage disposal methods. Furthermore,

the local authorities began to use the media to spread environmental awareness and
encourage greater use of clean energy. At the same time, they started to carry out
inspections regularly and fine tourist organisations for abuses. With these measures, it
is believed that the beauty of the Li River will be preserved for generations to come.

In addition, the ambitious “Water Ten Plan” is also now tackling water pollution across
the country. Other initiatives, such as the “River Chief System", hold senior officials
responsible for reducing water pollution. With such campaigns in effect, China’s
waterways are heading towards a clean and sustainable future.

1 What were some of the negative effects on the Li River as a result of the growth in tourism?
2 What measures have been taken to improve the Li River’s water quality?
3 What is the “River Chief System”?

Study the organisation and language features.

1 Read the text again and complete the paragraph summaries.

Paragraph 1 Paragraph 2 Paragraph 3 ~ Paragraph 4

Describing th Presenting some Presenting furth
Introducing the topic ee 9 esenting further

2 Draw amind map to show all the factors that caused the pollution.

Use what you have learnt to write a report on an environmental issue.
1 Choose an environmental problem that directly affects you or your local community.
Research the issue on the Internet. Consider the following questions:
e What is the issue? Why does it need to be dealt with?
» Where does the issue occur? What are its causes? What effects does it have?
s What actions have been taken so far? What future actions are planned?

s Has the issue been dealt with well? Is it likely to be solved completely? Why or why not?
What alternative solutions are possible?

2 Write your report.

Exchange drafts with a partner. Use this checklist to give feedback on your
partner's draft.

w Does the writer describe the environmental issue clearly?
w Do the measures taken to deal with it sound effective?

w Does the writer use correct grammar, punctuation, and spelling?

Get your draft back and revise it. Then present your report to the class.

UNIT 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 33

Assessing Your Progress

1 Complete the passage with the correct forms of the words in the box.

garbage harmonious initiative restrict restore dozen

When asked by a TV reporter to talk about air and water quality in his hometown, (1) Qi
Mu noted, “The air is great now, and we can take more walks and enjoy being outdoors
again.” He felt quite pleased because the villagers were living with nature
once more. However, he could not forget about an earlier time when his village had
been struggling with a serious air quality problem.

In the 1990s, from a nearby city was usually brought to the village. (2) “How
can we make use of this?” the villagers wondered. Soon they found that garbage could
be used to feed pigs. (3) “Over the next few years, of pig farms were set
up,” Qi recalled. But then nobody in the village wanted to open their windows. (4) “The
smell from the garbage and pig waste was making us sick,” Qi said. The numbers of
mosquitoes and flies were also horrifying. (5) “Under such circumstances, no single

women wanted to marry anyone in our village and move here,” Qi sighed.

The villagers could no longer tolerate the situation. So an was launched and
a “clean-up” campaign was added to the government agenda, including

large vehicles from passing through the village. Garbage from the city was no longer
disposed of in the village, and more trees were planted. (6) “We can all breathe more
freely now that the natural beauty of our village has been .” said Qi.

2 Report the direct speech in Activity 1.
1

2
3
4
a)
6

Q REFLECTING

What new words and expressions have you learnt from this unit?

© Can you report others’ statements, requests, or questions fluently and accurately? If
not, what are your difficulties?

© What have you learnt about environmental issues from this unit?
What are you going to do to help solve the environmental problems we are facing?

a

Overall, | thought this unit was ©) interesting () useful () so-so >) difficult.

34 UNIT 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
* Project: Prepare an environmental proposal

1

In groups, discuss the following questions.

1

2

3

What is the main environmental issue you want to address? Choose one from the list
below, or think of your own.

» Plastic bag waste » Energy conservation
» Waste sorting system for recycling e Water conservation

What small things can people do in their community to help? What simple inventions might

help reduce the impact of the issue? Use the Internet to help you find ideas and take notes.
Will you give advice for people to follow? What is your advice?

2 Nowcreate your project presentation. Use diagrams and illustrations to show how

your ideas will work. Use the example below for ideas.

OUR PROJECT: SAVING ENERGY IN THE HOME

A lot of energy is wasted every day. We can make many small changes in our daily lives to
help improve energy conservation. Here are our ideas for saving energy in the home:

Following this advice can help reduce
energy consumption and save money.

Take shorter showers

Turn off the light when you are not in the room
Instead of turning up the heat, put on more clothes
Don’t leave things like TVs and computers on standby
Unplug appliances that are not in use

Adjust the amount of water for toilet flushes
Use cold water to wash clothes when possible
Use energy-efficient light bulbs

Put lids on cooking pots to cook faster

Now present your proposal to the class. Each member should take turns to
explain or show one part of the presentation.

After hearing all the presentations, discuss which proposals and
presentations were the best and give suggestions for improving them.

UNIT 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION

30
Green School in Uruguay

This video is about a green school in
Uruguay that teaches its students about
recycling, energy saving, and growing their
own food. Built from recycled materials, the
school produces no waste and is powered

by solar panels.

BEFORE YOU WATCH

Here are some photos from the video. In groups, use the following words and

phrases to describe what is going on in the photos.

solar panels trash school reuse build
tin cans plants volunteers grow food collect
old car tyres learn children teach

WHILE YOU WATCH

1 Check your answers in Before You Watch.
2 Answer these questions.

1 Where is Uruguay?
2 Why is the school “autonomous”?

3 What nickname does the US architect Michael Reynolds call himself?

4 Who else other than the students learn from the workshops?
5 How does one student educate his mother about waste?

AFTER YOU WATCH

Discuss these questions in groups.

1 Do you know any similar projects in your city or country? How do people reuse and

recycle trash to create new things and technologies?

2 In small groups, discuss other ways trash could be reused and recycled. What things

could you make? What kinds of trash could you use?

36 UNIT 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
In this unit, you will

1 read about Shackleton’s Antarctic expedition.

2 listen to the crew members talk about their
own experiences during the expedition.

3 write an essay about the story.

4 learn about explorers and other outstanding
people and how they overcame adversity.

: 和

Look and discuss
1 What happened to the ship in the photo?
2 How would you feel and what would you
do if you were on this ship?

~ Reading and Thinking

Explore the spirit of adventure

1 Read this advertisement that was posted by a famous British explorer.
Discuss the questions with your group members.

MEN WANTED

for a dangerous journey: small wages, bitter
cold, long months of complete darkness, constant
danger, and safe return uncertain. Honour and J!
reward will follow if it is successful. : 2 Would you like to join an
Ernest Shackleton © expedition like this? Why or why
SOR eae not?

| 1 According to the advertisement,
. what kind of men was Ernest
f Shackleton looking for?

m™) 2 Read the text and answer the questions.

A SUCCESSFUL FAILURE

Perce Blackborow joined an expedition with Sir Ernest Shackleton to Antarctica on the ship
Endurance in 1914. Shackleton was one of the most famous explorers of his day and it was
considered a great honour to be part of his expeditions. Below are some of Blackborow’s diary
entries.

_ SoS ore
j 31 Oct, 1914
i

Well, it so happened that one morning 1 bought a newspaper and read the advertisement
j about the Antarctic expedition.

ban expedition to the South Pole with the great Sir Ernest Shackleton—this is the adventure
_ that 1 have been dreaming of. And 1 was ready for it. At the age of 19, | am fit and full of

‘vigour. However, when 1 applied to join the expedition, Shackleton turned me down because
_ he thought 1 was too young and wasn’t qualified. But 1 was so enthusiastic about the idea
» of going along with them that 1 secretly went aboard his ship, the Endurance, and hid in a
i small cupboard. Unfortunately, three days after we set off 1 was discovered. Shackleton did
_ not want to turn back so he offered me a job, but only after he promised me, “If anyone has
1 to be eaten, then you will be the first!” He assigned me to be a steward, and 1 now serve
| meals for twenty-eight men, three times a day.

[ How everyone will envy me when 1 come back and tell them about the amazing places l have
been to! ~ }

aes 3

Gees

ee _

21 Nov, 1915

‘The journey has not been easy. Endurance became stuck in the ice as we approached
_ Antarctica. The ice froze around us and we were well and truly stuck! We saw the ship get
, by the ice. And when the ship sank, our hearts sank with it.

:

¢ Before we abandoned the ship, Shackleton calmly called us together and told us to rescue
our most essential supplies—the small boats, our food, the cook stove, candles, clothes,
7 and blankets. This was no time to panic. We were not allowed to take most of our personal
belongings, and Shackleton himself threw away all his gold. But to our surprise, he allowed

Hussey to keep his banjo. Hussey often plays it to keep our spirits up.

We are now camped on the ice and we have been managing to survive, but spring is coming, and the
| ice will soon begin to melt. /

oo ee ‘ = = of

crete ati

38 UNIT 4 ADVERSITY AND COURAGE
20 May, 1916

We have been struggling for days, but things on Elephant
Island are going from bad to worse. We are now crowded
together under one of our boats on the rocky shore of this

‘miserable place. Soon after we arrived, Shackleton left us to
find help on South Georgia Island, 1,320 kilometres away—the

Ses Ni

Ernest Shackleton voyage was too dangerous and difficult for all of us to make it
in our small boats. If Shackleton fails, will we have any hope of rescue? No. No navy in
the world ever stops at Elephant Island, and no one else knows that we are here.

1 feel low. It’s cold and windy. The island has no plants. Sometimes we are able to catch ©
a seal or a penguin to eat. Otherwise, there is no food. 1 try to think of happier things: _
decent food, warm and dry clothes, a cosy bedroom, sunny days, and my mother’s face ..
However, these happy memories are soon interrupted by a sudden cold rush of air.

] shouted, “Shut the door!”

“Hold on now, Perce. Don't you go turning into another Tom,” came the reply. “We've
caught another penguin, so it’s penguin soup tonight!” 4
Bless Frank Wild, the kindest man there is after our leader, Ernest Shackleton. How ，
could 1 become as selfish and bad-tempered as Thomas Orde-Lees!

5
|

Without Frank and Ernest, we'd all be dead by now. Their genuine concern for others,

their perseverance, and their resolve fill me with hope.

Perhaps there is a chance we will return home, after all.

1 How did Blackborow come to join the expedition?
2 What happened to Endurance? What did the crew members have to do?
3 What did Shackleton do to make sure they could survive?

3 What do the highlighted words mean? Use your own words to explain them.

4 Read the text again and discuss the questions with your partner.

1 How did Blackborow’s feelings about being on 人 Infer character traits and emotions

the expedition change as the days passed? To infer means to guess something
based on the evidence. When inferring

wae ， 1 character traits and emotions in a story,
2 What personal qualities did Shackleton, Wild, you need to look at the characters’ words

and Blackborow exhibit? Find examples from the and actions. What do these tell us about
text to support your answers. their personal qualities and feelings?

5 Imagine you are Perce Blackborow. Write a message in a bottle to explain
your situation and ask for help.

UNIT 4 ADVERSITY AND COURAGE

39
Learning About Language

Build up your vocabulary

1 Find the suitable adjectives from the previous text to complete the sentences.
The first letter of each word has been given.

1 He behaves inad___ manner and we think he is a real gentleman.

2 With the gentle music, soft lights, and comfortable sofas, this café is everything you need
after a tiring day. Itisac and relaxing place.

3 He used to be so cross and b that nobody could tolerate him, but the birth of
his son changed his life and made him a better person.

4 Life was cruel to Oliver when he was young. Although living a m life, he had a
very kind heart.

5 Try to learn from your mistakes and b failures. It will eventually lead to success
as long as you persevere.

6 The young boy has demonstrated a g interest in the expedition to the Antarctic.

2 Choose the appropriate word to complete each sentence.

The fire alarm caused a panic/worry in the theatre and the crowd fled in all directions.
Although my grandpa is retired, he is very enthusiastic/concerned about volunteer work.
The officer was assigned/employed to conduct a thorough investigation into the incident.

The sun was sinking/falling behind the mountains when we reached the top.

a fF oO BP 一

It took him a lot of vigour/energy to move all the items of furniture inside the house.

3 Complete the passage with the correct forms of the words in the box.

abandon aboard assign crew cupboard
resolve set off sink turn ... down voyage
After seeing the advertisement in the newspaper, Perce Blackborow to join the

Antarctic expedition led by Sir Ernest Shackleton no matter what challenges might lie ahead.
Unfortunately, his application because he was too young and not qualified

enough. However, he managed to get the Endurance with his friend’s help.
He hid ina , but was soon discovered and brought to Shackleton. Although
the captain was angry, he the boy the job of cooking for the ，
Their did not go smoothly, and the Endurance became stuck in the ice. Before
the Endurance was crushed and into the sea, Shackleton gave the order to

ship, and the crew had to camp on ice. They then sailed to Elephant Island.
Soon after that, Shackleton selected a boat party and for South Georgia Island
to get help.

40 UNIT4 ADVERSITY AND COURAGE
Discover useful structures

1 Look at the sentence in the present perfect continuous tense. Find more
examples from the previous text and discuss the function of the tense.

EXAMPLE This is the adventure that | have been dreaming of.

Read each situation and rewrite each sentence using the present perfect

continuous tense.

1

The dog started to bark about two hours ago. | really hope it will stop soon. >
The dog has been barking for about two hours. | really hope it will stop soon.

Steve started to play rugby at the age of eight. Now he has become a professional player.

Timmy is holding a table tennis bat and his short hair is damp with sweat. He looks a little
tired after playing table tennis for two hours.

Diane hasn’t got much sleep this week. She looks terrible today.

| tried to phone you this morning. | must have tried a dozen times before | caught you here.

Complete the sentences below using the correct tenses of the verbs in

brackets. Then explain your reasons to your partner.

1

For the whole morning, the board of directors (discuss) the resolution to
increase wages in the coming year.

Jason's only recreation is painting. He (learn) how to paint for over five

years.

Even though we lost the game, we should be proud of ourselves because we

(try) our best and (work) as a team.

He finally (finish) the research paper under his tutor’s guidance.

My nephew Sam (collect) comic books since he was five. Now he has
more than two hundred of them.

The company (launch) an advertising campaign to promote its corporate
image.

Work in pairs. Interview your partner about the things that he/she has been

doing. The following questions might help you.

ea Do you have any hobbies or interests?
sa How long have you been learning/playing ...?
e What have you been doing recently?

UNIT 4 ADVERSITY AND COURAGE

41

Learn how to handle challenges

1 Shackleton and a team tried to sail to another island to find help. Look at the
picture below and discuss the challenges you think they faced.

South Georgia Island

() 2 Listen to one of the team members talk about the rescue plan and their journey.
Complete the summary.

The team consisted of members. They sailed on rough seas for days before they
landed on the side of South Georgia Island. Later they climbed over the mountains
and the whaling station. Later, Shackleton arranged for a rescue boat to return to

Island. Luckily, everyone was

() 3 Listen again and answer these questions.

1 Why was it necessary for Shackleton to

travel to South Georgia Island? HTD Savina OF

During a talk, a speaker can talk about
2 Why was it important to include a cause and effect. Causes are often

navigator in the team? introduced with phrases like Due to ..., The
reason for this is ..., and because ..., while

3 Why did Shackleton choose the most
difficult and unfriendly man to join the That's why ..., This means ...,... 50 aS t0..., ...
rescue mission? so that ...

effects are introduced by phrases like

4 Why did Shackleton look extremely old?

42 UNIT 4 ADVERSITY AND COURAGE
4 Which two sailors do you think Shackleton chose to join the rescue team? Look at
the list below and discuss in groups who you think should join the team.

Who should join the rescue team?

Name Skills

1 Frank Wild * good leader

Qualities

© loyal, kind, and calm

* experienced in exploring the Antarctic

se excellent navigator

¢ odd behaviour at times, but

@Frank Worsley experienced sailor liked by crew

3 Tarn Crean ° second officer ae e strong, energetic, and
© experienced in living in the Antarctic brave

puaberebudson oo" navigator ¢ friendly and lively

* best at catching penguins

° efficient store keeper
° motor expert
s excellent skier

5 Thomas Orde-
Lees

selfish, lazy, and bad-
tempered

The expressions in the box below may help you with your discussion.

Exploring options

° What do you think (about) ...?
© How do you feel (about) ...?

® Let's look at ...

® What/How about ...?

EXAMPLE

Any ideas?

What are the alternatives?

Let’s move on to the next candidate.
Should we move on to the next one?

A: We have to decide on which two sailors Shackleton chose for his rescue team. Let’s look

at Frank Wild.

B: He is a good leader and is experienced in exploring the Antarctic. So, | think he’s suitable

to join the rescue team.

C: Hmm, | think we should move on to the next sailor. According to Perce’s diary entries,
Frank Wild was left with the other crew members on Elephant Island.

A: | agree. Let’s move on to the next candidate. What do you think about Frank Worsley?

B: Well, he is...

5 After you have selected your two sailors, present your choice to the class.

UNIT 4 ADVERSITY AND COURAGE = 43
Using Language

Learn about optimism and perseverance

™@) 1 This is a continuation of the story of Shackleton’s men who were left on
Elephant Island. In pairs, predict what happened to the crew members. Then
read the memoir below to see if your predictions were correct.

THE REWARD FOR PERSEVERANCE

We watched as Shackleton and the boat sailed away from Elephant Island. It was easy
to imagine the danger ahead of them. Would they ever return to find us? What might
happen to them? What if they were delayed? We felt so alone and desperate. But it was not
for long. There was nothing like a good dinner and some music to cheer us up.

Life fell into a regular pattern. Staying alive took all our time and energy. For example,
we needed water, and Elephant Island had none. We found that we could melt ice from
the ocean and drink the water from it. But how could we make fire? There were no trees
growing on Antarctica and no oil, so the only fuel we could use was animal fat. This gave
off oily, black smoke, but it stayed burning even in strong winds.

Food was also a problem, as we did not find any vegetables or fruit on the island. One
of our group members, Lionel Greenstreet, noted in his diary about how bored he was
with the meals: “The food now is pretty well all meat of sea creatures.” If it weren't for sea
animals, we would all starve. As a chef, it was my duty to cook, so 1 tried to vary the meals
in whatever way | could. But it was difficult.

We had to be careful not to go outside too often, as the changing temperatures could make
us ill. It was almost as dangerous to become too hot from wearing too many clothes as to
become too cold from wearing too few. The sweat could freeze very quickly. Many of us also
became ill from the black smoke of the animal fat we burnt for our fires. It damaged our
eyes and burnt our lungs.

i

3 Point Wild, where Shackleton’s men were rescued in 1916

if

44 UNIT 4 ADVERSITY AND COURAGE
The twenty-two of us lived like this in the cold for four months. Our discipline and team
spirit kept us optimistic and helped us deal with our fears in a positive and successful
way. We also celebrated our birthdays, festivals, and even the times when we caught asea
animal. This was an episode in my life that 1 would never ‘forget.

When we were finally rescued, we felt such relief and joy that many of us could not hide
our tears. We were at last free to go home to warm beds, good food, and the care of our
family and friends. Our optimism and faith in Shackleton had helped us persevere in

staying alive. And he paid us back by his commitment to save us from a slow but painful
death.

2 Read the text again and answer the following questions.

What did the men eat and drink on the island?

What were the dangers of living on the island?

How did the men stay in good spirits while waiting to be rescued?
What do you think were the key reasons for their survival?

If you were one of the men on Elephant Island, would you have trusted Shackleton? Why
or why not?

ahrwoOnND 一

3 Based on the diary entries and the memoir you have read, write an essay about the
story of Shackleton and his men on the ship Endurance.

1 Read the story again and think about the following questions. Make notes with your
answers.

e How does the author describe Shackleton and his crew members?
se What kind of relationship did Shackleton have with his crew?

e What struggles did they face?

se What were the motives for their actions?

© What did you like most about the story?

2 Begin your essay with a brief summary of the story. Remember to include who, what,
where, when, why, and how.

3. Use your notes and cite examples to explain what you think about the characters.

4 End your essay by talking about how the story made you feel, and give your overall
impressions of the expedition and the men who went on it. Explain why you feel this way.

4 Exchange drafts with a partner. Use the checklist to give feedback on your partner's
draft.

w Does the essay contain the main points in the story?
¥ Is the essay written in the writers own words?
Y Does the writer give his/her opinion about the story?

¥ Does the writer present his/her ideas clearly by using linking words and phrases?

5 Get your draft back and revise it. Then put up your essay in your classroom or read
it to the class.

UNIT 4 ADVERSITY AND COURAGE

45
Assessing Your Progress

1 Complete the passage with the proper forms of the words in the box.
candidate commitment cruel damp motive resolution wage

One hundred years ago, exploring the Antarctic was a dangerous business. Because of the
weather and very little knowledge of how to survive in the Antarctic, the chances

of success were quite slim and many explorers died. The people who signed up for such

voyages were paid low and had to tolerate poor working conditions and rough

seas, along with the cold and weather. They also had to have a strong

to finish what they had started no matter how hard it was, great personal discipline, and a firm
to the other members of the team. Yet, many still applied to join such

explorations. Some might have wanted to become famous. Others were looking for rewards.

However, the for many was to experience a great adventure.

2 Complete the sentences with the correct forms of the verbs in brackets.

1 The philosophy of Confucius, also known as Confucianism, deeply
(influence) Chinese culture.

2 Henry (join) the navy when he was 20 and he (retire) now.
3 The girl (want) to meet the pianist ever since she __ (attend) his concert.
4 you (hear) of the saying “Curiosity killed the cat”?
5 Your fridge (give off) a terrible smell. When you last (clean)
it?
6 As the children are older now, we (think) of moving to a bigger house.
7 My friend Maggie (ask) me to visit her for ages, but | not really
(have) the time.
8 | (expect) the movie to end happily, but actually it has a sad ending.
Q REFLECTING

© What have you learnt from Earnest Shackleton and the Endurance expedition?

© What adjectives would you use to describe Shackleton and his crew? Give your
reasons.

©

What do you think are good ways to overcome adversity?
Which part of the unit did you find the most difficult? How did you cope with it?

© ©

Overall, | thought this unit was \ interesting \) useful — so-so © difficult.

46 UNIT 4 ADVERSITY AND COURAGE
*Project: Give a report on people who persevere

Give a report on people who have encountered adversity in their lives but have
persevered and overcome the difficulties.

1 Work in groups. Brainstorm and make a list of possible candidates that you would
like to conduct research on.

EXAMPLE

Name Gender Occupation Country

Frédéric Francois Chopin male composer, pianist Poland
(March 1, 1810-October 17, 1849)

Sima Qian (145 BCE-?} male historian China

Ludwig van Beethoven male composer Germany
(Dec 16, 1770-March 26, 1827)

2 Choose three people to do your research on. Each person should come froma
different country and have faced a different challenge.

3 Here are the kinds of information you should gather:
» Basic background information about the person
» Challenges that this person faced

» How he/she overcame the difficulties

s His/Her subsequent achievements
» What people think of him/her

4 After gathering the information you need, create an outline to help you organise
ideas for your report.

5 Turn your outline into a report. Remember to include pictures. Then share your
report with the class.

UNIT 4 ADVERSITY AND COURAGE = 47

* Video Time #

BEFORE YOU WATCH
Read the following events and try to number them in the correct order.

____ The climbers wait in their tents for the bad weather to pass.
_1_ The team travels 64 kilometres over the ice and snow.

___ The team begins the climb again.

___ The team spends the night in tents that hang about 450 metres above the ground.
The team reaches the top of the mountain.

Lead climber Conrad Anker begins climbing Mount Rakekniven.

____ Jon Krakauer puts a flag on the top of the mountain.

The weather changes.
The team is forced to climb down the peak.

WHILE YOU WATCH
1 Check your answers in Before You Watch.
2 Answer the questions using information from the video.
1 What is so special about Mount Rakekniven?
2 What is Jon Krakauer’s main job on this climb?
3 Apart from the steepness of the mountain, what makes this climb especially difficult?

4 How long does the climb take in total?

AFTER YOU WATCH
Discuss these questions in groups.

1 Why do you think Krakauer wanted to climb another mountain again so soon after
climbing Mount Qomolangma?

2 The video says that the challenge of the climb was “not only physical, but personal” for
Krakauer. What do you think this means?

3 How might a difficult challenge help a person overcome sadness or other bad feelings?

48 UNIT 4 ADVERSITY AND COURAGE

se Se

k and discuss

In this unit, you will Loo
1 read a brief introduction on some simple forms 1 Do you understand the poem lines in the
of English poems. photo? Can you use your own words to

2 listen to a discussion about poetry and talk explain them?

about how to write poems. 2 When you think of the words “poem” or
“poetry”, what comes to mind?

3 write your own poems.

4 explore the characteristics of different forms of
poems and learn to appreciate English poems.

)

50

Reading and Thinking

Appreciate different forms of English poems

1 Before you read, discuss the questions with your partner.

1 Compared with other forms of literature such as the novel, drama, and the short story,

what are the characteristics of poetry?
2 Why do you think people write poems?

2 Read the text and complete the table on page 51.

A FEW SIMPLE FORMS
OF ENGLISH POEMS

There are various reasons why people compose
poetry. Some poems tell a story or describe a
certain image in the reader's mind. Others try to
convey certain feelings such as joy and sorrow. The
distinctive characteristics of poetry often include
economical use of words, descriptive and vivid
language, integrated imagery, literary devices such
as similes and metaphors, and arrangement of
words, lines, rhymes, and rhythm. Poets use many
different forms of poetry to express themselves.
Now we will look at a few of the simpler forms.

Some of the first poems a young child learns in
English are nursery rhymes. They are usually the
traditional poems or folk songs. The language of
these rhymes, like Poem A, is to the point but has
a storyline. Many children enjoy nursery rhymes
because they rhyme, have a strong rhythm, and
often repeat the same words. The poems may
not make sense and even seem contradictory, but
they are easy to learn and recite. By playing with
the words in nursery rhymes, children learn about
language.

One of the simplest kinds of poem is the “list
poem”, which contains a list of things, people,
ideas, or descriptions that develop a particular
theme. List poems have a flexible line length and
repeated phrases which give both a pattern and a
rhythm to the poem. Some rhyme (like B and C),
while others do not.

UNIT 5 POEMS

Hush, little baby, don’t say a word,
Papa's gonna buy you a mockingbird.
fthat mockingbird won't sing,

Papa's gonna buy you a diamond ring.
Ifthat diamond ring turns to brass,
Papa's gonna buy you a looking glass.
If that looking-glass gets broke,
Papa's gonna buy you a billy goat.
Ifthat billy goat won’t pull,

Papas gonna buy you a cart and bull.

Mother

Hundreds of stars in the deep bifesey
Hundreds of shells on the shore together,
Hundreds of birds that go singing by,
Hundreds of bees in the sunny weather,
Hundreds of dewdrops to greet the dawn, 。
Hundreds of bees in the purple clover,
Hundreds of butterflies on the lawn,

But only one mother the world over.

George Cooper

LIFE

Life can be good,

Life can be bad,
Life is mostly cheerful,

Sitting in court.

Another simple form of poem that amateurs can
easily write is the cinquain, which is made up of five
lines. With these, you can convey a strong picture
or a certain mood in just a few words. Look at the
example (D).

Haiku is a Japanese form of poetry that consists of
17 syllables. It has a format of three lines, containing
5, 7, and 5 syllables respectively. It is not a traditional
form of English poetry, but is very popular with
English writers. It is easy to write and, like the
cinquain, can give a clear picture and create a special
feeling using very few words. The haiku poem (E)
on the right is a translation from Japanese, which
shows a moment in the life of a delicate butterfly.

English speakers also enjoy poems from China,
those from the Tang Dynasty in particular. A lot of
Tang poetry has been translated into English, such
as this one (F].

With so many different forms of poetry to choose
from, you may eventually want to write poems of
your own. Give it a try!

人 Poetry comprehension

Brother

Beautiful, athletic

Teasing, shouting, laughing
Friend and enemy too
Mine

A fallen blossom
Is coming back to the branch.
Look, a butterfly!

Where she awaits her husband

On and on the river flows.

Never looking back,

Transformed into stone.

Day by day upon the mountain top,
wind and rain revolve.

Should the traveller return,

this stone would utter speech. in ;
Wang Jian <> ie,

Poems paint pictures with words through the use of figures of speech and metaphors, so to
understand a poem fully, you have to imagine in your mind the picture the poem is painting. Further,
the sounds, rhythm, and rhymes in a poem give it a musical quality. Poems often have to be read

aloud, and with feeling, to be really understood and enjoyed.

Type of poem Characteristics Example Topics and poetic devices
* concrete but creative language love between father and baby
Nursery rhyme A a
¢ rhymes, repetition
B
List poem
C
Cinquain D
Haiku E
Tang poem E

3 Listen to the recording of the text and read aloud the poems.

UNIT5 POEMS 51

Learning About Language

Build up your vocabulary

1 Find the words in the poems that rhyme with the words below. Then add
other words that rhyme. The first one has been done for you.

1 mockingbird, word, heard
2 sad

3 sky

4 together

5 teasing

2 Complete the sentences using the correct forms of the words in the box.

delicate drama arrange compose literary rhythm sorrow poetry

1 It seems incredible to me that the question of how best to books on shelves
could cause a lively online discussion.

2 The purpose of criticism is to get to the core of the text and discover what
message the author is attempting to convey.
If you need to handle a situation, you should behave wisely.
The poet quite a few poems featuring the image of cherry blossoms, and
describing the joys and Of life.

5 Blank verse is probably one of the most common and influential forms of English w(t
is so Close to the natural of English speech and it has no rhyming. In Shakespeare’s

, characters from civilians to kings all speak in blank verse, but still in distinctive

voices.

3 Complete each sentence using the correct word.
recite / repeat / retell

1 Could you what you just said?

2 Students are required to over 60 ancient poems or works of prose they have
learnt from their Chinese course.

3 If you have finished reading the story, please try to it in your own words.

emotion / mood / spirit

4 Her rose at the approach of the summer holidays.
5 We couldn't see any in him. He is so calm in spite of what he has experienced.
6 Rainy days always put everyone in a depressed

52 UNIT5 POEMS
Review useful structures

1

Connect the sentences using relative pronouns or adverbs. Then put the
sentences in the correct order to compose a passage.

1 The Crescent Moon is perhaps the most famous collection of children’s poems. It is known
to people in China.

2 There are also many poems written from a child’s perspective. In these poems the poet
Tagore shows a sympathetic understanding of children’s feelings.

3 The English version of the book contains nearly 50 poems. The focus of the poems is on
the parent-child relationship.

4 The initial poems were written from the perspective of a mother. The mother loves her baby
at play and at rest, in laughter and in tears.

5 Many people love to read this collection of poems. The reason is that they can feel the
warmth of love and enjoy the innocence of childhood.

6 It was written by the Indian poet Tagore. Tagore was the first Asian to win the Nobel Prize in
Literature.

Read the following introduction about the Brownings. Help the author edit
the passage to make it more concise, using relative clauses if necessary.

If you study the history of English literature, you will find the names of Robert
and Elizabeth Barrett Browning. They were one of the most romantic literary
couples of the Victorian era. Elizabeth Barrett started to write poetry from
about the age of six. In 1844, Elizabeth’s Poems brought her great success.
It also attracted the admiration of poet Robert Browning. Browning fell in
love with her poetry and then they entered into personal correspondence.
The couple exchanged many letters. These letters obviously helped sow
the seeds of love between the two. Elizabeth had been ill for many years.
She stayed at home and almost never saw visitors. Browning was sure about
his love, so he found a way to visit her, and immediately convinced her to become
his bride. However, their subsequent marriage was carried out in secret. It was because
Barrett’s father was a dominant and selfish man. He would refuse to let his daughter go. The
couple moved to Italy in 1846. Elizabeth lived there for the rest of her life. Browning had a
great influence on Elizabeth’s writing. The best evidence that can be found is Sonnets from
the Portuguese. The sonnets were written during the time when she was in love with Robert
Browning.

Work in pairs. Describe your favourite Chinese poets using sentences that
contain relative clauses.

EXAMPLE __ Bai Juyi was one of the greatest Chinese poets who ever lived. He was born during the
mid-Tang Dynasty, which was a period of rebuilding and recovery for the Tang Empire.

UNIT5 POEMS = 53

Using Language

Talk about attending a poetry contest

1 Before you listen, discuss the following Y :
questions with your partner. Use your prior knowledge
If you come across a topic you are
1 Have you ever written a poem before? If so, familiar with, you can think about what
what did you write about? you already know about it before you

listen. Using prior knowledge will make
it easier for you to predict what you will
hear. This will also reduce your anxiety

© 2 Youare going to listen to a conversation Sa Ce Cube uunce stand ie
between a teacher and her students about COUN sae rene Sten IG)
a poetry contest. Listen to Part 1 and
answer the questions.

2 What might inspire you to write poems?

When is the deadline for the poetry contest?
What does Nora mean by saying that she needs time to polish her writing?
Why doesn’t Pitt want to enter a poem contest?

Bon =

What does George plan to do?

() 3 Listen to Part 2 and find out how the students will inspire themselves to write
poetry.

George:

Nora:

Pitt:

(> 4 Listen to the two parts again and tick the expressions you hear that are used to
praise and encourage somebody.

Praising and encouraging

© That’s a good idea. © I like that idea.

© That's a good effort. © You are doing well.

© What a great idea! © Your ideas sound very encouraging to me.
© Keep up the good work. © Do your best.

© think that’s a fantastic idea. © You know what? That’s a good idea.

© Come on, you can do it. O Give it your best shot.

54 UNIT5 POEMS
5 Work in groups. Discuss entering a poem contest like the one in the listening
section. The expressions in Activity 4 and the following questions may help you.

1 What kind of poem are you going to write?

2 What are the topics you would love to write
about?

3 How will you inspire yourself to write the
poem?

4 Will you use rhyming words in your poem?
Why?

0

Read poetry aloud

Poetry should always be read aloud, as that

is when you can hear the music of the words.
When reading poetry aloud, start slowly. Find
and emphasise the rhythm of the words. Begin
to think about how the poem makes you feel—
happy, sad, in love—and read the poem with
emotion, pouring out your feelings.

o Pronunciation

THE ARROW AND THE SONG

| shot an arrow into the air,
It fell to earth, | knew not where;
For, so swiftly it flew, the sight

Could not follow it in its flight.

| breathed a song into the air,
t fell to earth, | knew not where;
For who has sight so keen and strong,

That it can follow the flight of song?

Long, long afterwards, in an oak
| found the arrow, still unbroke;

And the song, from beginning to end,

found again in the heart of a friend.

H. W. Longfellow

(Listen and practise reading the following poems aloud. Pay attention to the
rhyming words and the rhythm of the poems.

NIGHT
The sun descending in the west,
The evening star does shine;
The birds are silent in their nest,
And | must seek for mine.
The moon, like a flower,
In heaven's high bower,
With silent delight,

Sits and smiles on the night.

Farewell, green fields and happy groves,
Where flocks have took delight.

Where lambs have nibbled, silent moves
The feet of angels bright;

Unseen, they pour blessing,

And joy witout ceasing,

On each bud and blossom,

And each sleeping bosom.

55
Using Language

Write a poem

1 Before you read, discuss how to understand a poem with your partner. Make a list
of questions that the readers should consider while reading poems. The following
points may help you.

*® Subject e Rhythm and sounds

e Images e Feelings and emotions
es。 Tone e Rhetorical devices

WIND ON THE HILL

No one can tell me, It would blow with the wind
Nobody knows, Fora day and a night.

Where the wind comes from, And then when | found it,
Where the wind goes. Wherever it blew,

It’s flying from somewhere I should know that the wind

As fast as it can, Had been going there too.
Icouldn’t keep up with it, So then I could tell them

Not ifI ran. Where the wind goes...

But if] stopped holding But where the wind comes from
The string of my kite, Nobody knows.

Ys

Hold fast to dreams,
For if dreams die
Life is a broken-winged bird

ud = That cannot fly.

A MATCH

If love were what the rose is,
And I were the leaf,

Our lives would grow together
In sad or singing weather,

Hold fast to dreams, Brown fields or flowerful closes,
For when dreams go Green pleasure or grey grief;
Life is a barren field é Iflove were what the rose is,
Frozen with snow. ¥ And I were like the leaf.

Langston Hug A. C. Swinburne

56 UNIT5 POEMS
Wind on the Hill Dream A Match

Subject
Images
Rhyming words

Rhetorical devices

3 Choose one of the poems and write a short essay about it. The following example
may help you.

The poem Dream by Langston Hughes is very short with only 8 lines. When I read the
poem aloud I can hear that the ends of the second and fourth sentences rhyme—“die”
and “fly”. The last word from the sixth and eighth sentences also rhyme—“go” and

“snow”. These rhyming words sound nice and make the poem pleasing to read.

When I close my eyes, I can see different images from the poem. For example, I can
see two hands being held. I can see a bird flying in the sky. I can see a field and I can
imagine what it looks like with lots of snow. I start to feel cold when I read these lines!

I learnt a new phrase, “hold fast”, which means to hold onto something. “Barren” is also

anew word to me, which means empty.

I think the poet is giving us advice. He wants us to keep dreaming, because life is much

better when we dream and have something to look forward to.

Write your own poem by following these steps.

Start with the theme first. Ask yourself, “What message do | want to give to the reader?
What is important to me?”

Next, think about the words and phrases you would like to use. Make a list of words related
to your theme.

Then check how well your details paint a picture in your head. Now write the poem. Read it
aloud and listen to how it sounds.

Finally, give it a title. Now your poem is ready!

5 Work in groups. Take turns to read aloud your poems and then have a discussion
on what you think they mean. Give your personal opinion or advice based on what
you have learnt from this unit.

6 Read aloud your poem to the class or put it up in the classroom.

UNIT 5 POEMS

57
58

Assessing Your Progress

1 Complete the passage using the correct forms of the words in the box.
amateur era format recite respective rhyme sow version

Poetry probably had its origins in traditional folk music tens of thousands of years ago. In that

, there were no TVs or films, and writing had not been invented, so people would sit
around the fire at night and sing songs to entertain themselves. These songs reflected themes
from the people’s daily lives, such as hunting animals or crops. Since nothing was
written down, over the years different of these songs developed, and each area
would have its own rhythm. In addition to this, people would stories of
past heroes. As these stories were often quite long, they often had and rhythm to
help people remember them more easily. While in the beginning such songs and stories had a
very simple , over time they became more complicated and more polished. These
were no longer the works of sitting around a fire, but works of true poets who cared
about their art and who sometimes made a living from it.

2 Read the conversations below and write a short description about the poetry or the
poet they are talking about. Use relative clauses to connect your sentences.

: What is free verse?

: Free verse is an open form of poetry.

: What do you mean by “open”?

: A free verse poem does not follow any rules. It has no regular metre or rhythm.
| see. So it means the poet has complete control over their creation.

>PoOro>

: Who was Langston Hughes?

: He was a famous African-American poet.

: What's special about his poems?

: Well, his poems mainly tell the story of black people in America, including their joys and
pain.

: Can you give me an example?

: Dream Variation, for example. It was one of his most celebrated poems. The poem is
about the dream of a world free of inequality and racial prejudice.

wrmp>

o>

® | have learnt different forms of poetry from this unit, including

® The poetic devices that | have learnt from this unit include

® My favourite poem of this unit is
It describes

@ |had difficulty in understanding

® | thought writing an English poem was ©) interesting © useful © challenging.

UNIT 5 POEMS
*Project: Organise a poetry contest

1 Work in groups. Surf the Internet to research different forms of poetry and discover
their formats. Find examples of three forms of poetry that you can imitate. Here are
the names of some poem types and examples to get you started:

blank verse cinquain concrete (shape) couplet free verse
haiku limerick list poem nursery rhyme sonnet
Free verse: Concrete (shape) poem:
THIS IS JUST TO SAY a are
ove the
Thave eaten Water hang the
the plums loud
that were in ss
‘ ere
the icebox Osh
gray
ich then
and whic What A pale signal will appear
you were probably When Soon before its shadow fades
saving bake , a in this ae of ee eye
nus o Upon us as at the very edges
for breakfast of where we take shape in the dark air
this object bares its image awakening
Forgive me ripples of recognition that will
th Te brush darkness up into light
ry were Cencious even after this bird this hour both drift by stop the perfect sad instant now
so sweet already passing out of sight
and so cold : toward yet-untroubled reflection
‘ i. this image bears its object darkening
William Carlos Williams into memorial shades Scattered bite of
Light No of water Or something across
water Breaking up No Being regathered
i : Soon Yet by then a swan will have
Limerick: gone Yes Out of mind into what
‘ vast
There was an Old Man in a boat, pale
Who said, “I’m afloat! I’m afloat!” ie
+4 66 1 1129 ofa
When they said, No! you aint! ntaee
He was ready to faint, past
That unhappy Old Man in a boat. ee
if a swan
Edward Lear sang

2 Now think of the common themes that go with the three types of poems. For
example, a limerick should usually be silly, a haiku is often about nature, and a

sonnet is often about love.

3 Brainstorm ideas and make a mind map related to your theme. You can include in

your mind map:
se metaphors and similes
© concrete nouns and vivid verbs

e words that rhyme

e your feelings
ea personal story

anything the theme makes you think of

Then write your poems based on your mind maps.

4 Present your poems to the class and then have everyone vote on the best poem.

UNIT5 POEMS 59

60

* Video Time im

The PoetSuShi _

As one of the most popular Song Dynasty
<Z.wry *° EAU~E> poets, Su Shi was not only gifted in poetry, but
5 teas sh also made great contributions to other fields

such as painting and calligraphy.

A

arenes
SBN
%

ae

“SRD RHS
Sharam)

BEFORE YOU WATCH

Match each word or phrase with the correct definition. You may use a
dictionary to help you.

1

2
3
4
5

cipai A a fixed-rhythm form

magistrate B acursive style of Chinese characters

The Cold Food Festival C astrong desire to achieve something

aspiration D an official who acts as a judge in a local court of law
the running style E an artistic masterpiece of calligraphy written by Su Shi

WHILE YOU WATCH

1
2

Check your answers in Before You Watch.

There are three of Su Shi’s works that are mentioned in the video clip.
Take notes about what Su Shi wanted to convey or express through his
works and how important these works are.

1 Reflections on the Ancient Red Cliff:
2 The Cold Food Festival:
3 Shui Diao Ge Tou:

AFTER YOU WATCH

Discuss these questions in groups.

1 What else do you know about Su Shi and his works?

2 Based on what you have learnt about Fan Zhongyan and Su Shi from this book, what do
you think they have in common?

3 What do you think are the basic values that influenced these two Chinese scholars in
ancient times?

UNIT 5 POEMS
1

UNIT 1
Using Words and Expressions

WORKBOOK

List the words with the following
suffixes and explain the use of each
suffix. Use a dictionary if necessary.

-ism: _ realism,

-istic: _ realistic,

-ity:
-(t)ion:

-ist:

-ive:

EXAMPLE
-ism is used for people's politics, beliefs, and
theories.

-tion is used to make nouns from verbs.

Think of a word that best fits each
definition and complete the puzzle.

- — ART

Across:

1 the increase of something in size, number,
amount etc.

believing you are less important than others
belonging to the present time

connected with ordinary people in a country

a bh WN

a container used to keep flowers

Down:

1 adecrease in number, value, quality, etc.

2 asmall area of still water

3 a statue, or a stone that reminds people of a
past event or a person who has died

4 long piece of music written for an orchestra

5 to express your disapproval of someone or

something

Translate these sentences into
English, using the words and
phrases in brackets.

1 他 优雅 的 举止 和 英俊 的 面容 使 他 与 其 他
来 宾 截 然 不 同 。(set ... apart from)

2 在 当代 所 有 女 作家 中 ， 我 认为 她 是 最 值
得 尊重 的 一 位 。(contemporary be worthy
of)

3 MEER, RALEHEREARA GK
得 了 突破 。(make/achieve a breakthrough)

4 在 我 看 过 的 所 有 印象 派 画作 当中 ， 我 尤
其 喜欢 雷诺 阿 的 作品 。(in particular)

5 电影 《 教 刻 尔 克 》(Dunkirk) 把 二 战 中 的
一 次 重要 事件 进行 了 真实 的 再 现 。(bring
... to life)

61

WORKBOOK - a hen

62

Using Structures

1 Rewrite each sentence using the
infinitive as the predicative.

1 Ifyou really want to learn driving, going to a
driving school might be the best choice. (my
adviceis ...)

— Ifyou want to leam driving, my advice is to go
toadriving school.

2 He bought the computer just because he would
rather work at home than go to the office. (The
reason that .… )

3 Doing deep breathing exercises for ten minutes
can make you feel more relaxed. (A good way to
relaxis ... )

4 This year I hope I can achieve my goal of
performing a flute solo ( 独奏 ) atthe schools
art festival. (My goal this year is … )

5 To tell you the truth, I take yoga classes simply
because I want to stayin shape. ( ---) My purpose

=)

6 With his car stuck in the snow, he could do
nothing but wait for help to arrive. (..., all he
could do was ... )

2 Complete the passage with the

correct forms of the verbs in brackets.

Star Primary Schools art studio, Room 26, is open
to any child at playtime, lunchtime, or after school.

On Fridays, ifthe children have completed all
their schoolwork, they can spend the rest of day
there. Artist Bob Smith and his assistant Joan
Grant Gibb are the only adults

(work) there. They are the children’s employees.

Room 26 is an independent business separate

from the school, and has a committee of members

all under the age of 12. For the committee,

they need to think of some ways

(make) ends meet. They take and sell school

photographs. They also make cards

(sell). Another way of managing their finances is
(raise) more funds. Thus they can

pay for art materials and employ professional

artists.

Instead of (teach) how to draw,
the purpose of Room 26 is (offer)
a kind of creative education. In Room 26,
students are encouraged (be)
creative and responsible for themselves. They
have the freedom (pursue) their
own ideas and interests rather than

(follow) a curriculum.

Work in groups. Imagine you are
going to open an art studio like
Room 26. Brainstorm ideas about
the purpose of your art studio
and your plan. Then write a short
introduction about it. Try to use
infinitives in your passage.

The aim/purpose of our art studio isto ...

一 一 一 一 一 - UNIT1 ART -一

Lisfening and Speaking

1 You are going to listen to an interview about the purpose of art. Before you
listen, guess what topics will be discussed. Tick the boxes below.

art can be worth a lot of money D art can engage our minds
art can make our world beautiful 局 art inspires us

CU art is always pretty to look at [J] art shows us nature
art raises our spirits 加 art tells us about history

©) 2  Nowlisten to the interview and see if your answers to Activity 1 were correct.

¢) 3 Listen again and answer the questions.

What happens when we take a second look at some paintings?
How does art differ from nature?

What happens when we try to understand a work of art?

How do works of art make our lives more interesting?

a 8 OND 一

What else can art teach us?

4 In pairs, discuss the following statements from the interview, and find art
from the unit which matches the statements.

A “Some paintings may not seem beautiful when we first look at them. But when we take a
second look, ... We are able to see a beauty that we did not see at first.”

B “The life and energy in works of art feeds us life and energy.”

C “Through art, we can learn about the people of the past.”

D “Through it, we can learn about noble things such as truth, goodness, and beauty.”

5 In groups, imagine that you are going to decorate some walls in your school.
Use the list from Activity 4 to choose some works of art. Share your reasons
with the rest of the class.

1 Brainstorm a list of works of art that you think are suitable.
2 Go through the list and discuss:
s |s every item suitable as a decoration?

se Is it necessary to provide simple introductions?
s How would you arrange all the items?

3 Report to the class about your decorating plan and explain your reasons.

63

WORKBOOK - 一

Reading and Writing

@) 1

64

Read the passage and write questions for the answers below. The first has been
done for you.

THE STARRY NIGHT

Perhaps my favourite painting is The Starry Night, by Vincent van Gogh (1853—
1890). Born in the Netherlands, Van Gogh had always been interested in art, and
tried to live as a professional painter starting from 1883. His early work was dark =
and sad, so in 1886 Van Gogh’s brother Theo invited him to come to live in Paris.
Theo hoped that the bright colours of the Impressionist movement there would
influence his work. Van Gogh moved to the south of France in 1888. Later that

year, he suffered a mental collapse and went to live in a hospital. He made more
than twenty paintings of the view from his hospital window, during all times of the day and all kinds
of weather. However, he only made one painting of the scene at night. As Van Gogh wrote to his
brother Theo in June, 1889, “This morning | saw the countryside from my window a long time before
sunrise, with nothing but the morning star, which looked very big.” The “morning star” Van Gogh
referred to was actually the planet Venus. Van Gogh had longed to paint a night scene, and the sight

of Venus inspired him.

On the left side of The Starry Night, there
is a large tree which shoots up from the
1 ground like a dark fire. It reaches all the
way to the top of the painting. In the
background are rolling hills, with a small
village in a valley. In the centre of the village
is a white church. Its tower points up into
the sky like a sharp knife. Here and there,
you can see houses with windows shining
with yellow light. Above all this is dark blue
sky. A quarter moon fills the top-right corner
of the painting with yellow. Venus sits low
near the tree. It burns with white light.
Here and there in the sky above Venus are
yellow, orange, and red stars. Around these are lines of pure paint in different shades of blue, yellow,
and white. They flow out of control, like river rapids.

The Starry Night is not a realistic painting of the scene Van Gogh saw out of his window. For example,
in real life there is no village in that valley. However, perhaps the painting shows the deeper reality of
what Van Gogh could see with his mind’s eye. Though the scene is dark and quiet, the painting is full
of light and life. It gives us a look, perhaps, into the complex mind and genius of Van Gogh.
SS = an —— UNIT1 ART -

1 When did Vincent van Gogh decide to try to live as a professional painter?
In 1883.

2 ?
Van Gogh’s early work was dark and sad.

3 ?
The sight of Venus inspired him to paint The Starry Night.

4 ?

In real life there is no village in that valley.
In groups, think of more questions and try to answer them.

2  Inliterary descriptions, the simile is one of the most commonly used figures of
speech. It directly compares something to something else, using the words like
or as. Read the passage again. Find the similes that the writer uses to describe
the painting and explain their meanings.

EXAMPLE It shoots up from the ground like a dark fire. (simile)

3 In groups, discuss your opinions of the painting. Finish the sentences below.

1 The painting makes me feel because

2 | think Van Gogh must have felt/been when he made the painting because

3 | like/dislike the painting because

4 Look at the painting on the right and
discuss the questions in groups.

1 How does the painting make you feel?

2 How would you describe the trees at the
front of the painting, the mountains in the
background, the clouds and sky above,
and any other interesting features? Think of
colours, shapes, and also what they remind
you of. '

3 What do you think Van Gogh was thinking or ©
feeling when he made the painting?

4 Do you like or dislike the painting? Why? Olive Trees

5 Use your notes from your discussion to write a short essay about Olive Trees or
another painting you like. In your first paragraph, describe the painting. In your
second paragraph, give your opinion of the painting.

65

一 WORKBOOK 一 一 本 本

66

*Expanding Your World

MICHELANGELO'S DAVID

Most people agree that one of the greatest statues ever made was
Michelangelo’s David, in Florence, Italy. David was a hero in the Bible. As
a young boy, he fought and killed a giant, Goliath ( %#!Z ), using only a
sling and a small rock, inspiring his army to victory.

The Florence Cathedral first decided to have the statue made in 1464
to stand on its roof, along with statues of other heroes from the Bible.
Consequently, they purchased a block of white marble more than 5
metres in length and 6,000 kilograms in weight. Over the years, two
different sculptors attempted to work on the statue. However, both
gave up, complaining that the marble was of poor quality. Worse yet, it
appeared that the last sculptor had ruined the marble by cutting a huge
hole in it for the gap between David's legs. The hole had an odd shape,
and left very little material on either side to work with. Everyone thought
it would be impossible to carve the statue’s legs properly, and that they
would be too thin—unable to hold the weight of the rest of the statue.

Thus, for 25 years, the marble lay in the yard of the cathedral’s workshop with no one working on it. In
1501, the cathedral invited many artists, including Leonardo da Vinci, to come and work on the project.
All of these artists declined. Finally, Michelangelo (1475-1564) took on the challenge. At 26 years old,
Michelangelo had already completed his other great sculpture, the Pieta, and was making a name for
himself as a great artist.

For more than two years, Michelangelo worked on David day and night, rain and shine, until it was
completed. No one knows exactly how David was made. Michelangelo refused to let others see
him work or see his artwork until it was completed. Michelangelo’s friend Giorgio Vasari claimed that
Michelangelo made a small model of the sculpture, laid it on its back, and then covered it in water.
Michelangelo then took away some of the water until a bit of the model appeared, and carved that bit
into the marble. He continued doing this, little by little, until the sculpture was finished. This was what
Vasari claimed, but this was just a guess: Michelangelo kept his methods a secret from everyone, even
Vasari. Indeed, years after he carved David, Michelangelo was working on another work of art, deep
into the night. Vasari tried to sneak in to see Michelangelo at work. However, as soon as Michelangelo
realised that the door had been opened, he quickly blew out the candles so that the room became
dark and his visitor could see nothing.

When Michelangelo finally revealed his statue to the people of Florence, everyone was amazed. They knew
at once that it was the greatest work they had ever seen. Not only was it a beautiful work of art, it was
different from all other statues of David ever made. Unlike other statues of David, which showed him as a
little boy wearing armour, Michelangelo’s David was a naked young man. Other statues always showed
David after the battle. Michelangelo's David is before the battle, looking ahead in confidence, with his sling
across his shoulder. He shows no fear of his enemy, and he is already looking ahead to victory.
-一 a UNIT1 ART ———

Many people have noted that while the statue is called David, it does not remind them of a hero in the
Bible. Rather, it looks like one of those statues of Greek gods that are regarded as some of the greatest
works of art ever produced. Nevertheless, anyone seeing the statue for the first time would probably
agree that his David is an extraordinary masterpiece.

One fascinating thing about the statue is how imperfect it is, yet how perfect it seems. David stands
with his left foot forward, and all his weight is on his right foot. Given how narrow his legs are and how
much he leans to his right, one would think that the statue would break or fall over, yet it still stands
more than 500 years later. David’s head and hands are also larger than they should be. In fact, his right
hand is enormous. Finally, the statue is quite narrow from front to back—by proportion much narrower
than most people are in real life. This is due to the fact that the marble was too narrow to begin with.
Yet, somehow, even when viewed from the side, the statue still works and still looks realistic. Everything
looks perfect, even if it is not.

Those who first saw the statue certainly thought that it was perfect. Indeed, they thought the statue
was too good to go on top of the cathedral where people would have trouble seeing it. In truth, even if
they had decided to put it on top of the cathedral, given its weight, they had no way to lift it that high.
Indeed, they were not sure how they could move it from the workshop yard without breaking it. Finally,
after great effort and much care, they moved the statue to the main square of the city. There, it quickly
became a symbol of the city of Florence. The people were all inspired by the way David looked ahead
without fear of the future. However, in time, the statue became damaged by rain, snow, and wind.
In order to protect the statue from further damage, in 1873 it was moved inside to the Gallery of the
Academy in Florence, where today it is visited by up to three million people a year.

68

UNIT 2 ; Oe

Using Words and Expressions

1

Complete the sentences with the
correct forms of the phrases in the
box.

make up one’s mind _ shave off

feel pessimistic in response to

take control of stress out

rely on straight away —
1 When the old man his

beard, he looked more energetic.
2 His parents tried to persuade him to stay in
the local city to live a life of leisure, but he had

already to workin the
countryside.

3 You cannot expect to feel better

after taking the
medicine.

4 He his desire for high-
fat food and managed to lower his blood
pressure.

5 She walks 20,000 steps a day

her friend's challenge.

6 He was because he had
lost no weight after three months of dieting.

7 Heused to me to remind
him to exercise regularly.

8 The team about being

able to win the championship.

Complete the passage with the
correct forms of the words in the
box.

discipline cycle
dominate reward
rely stimulate

Balancing one’s work and personal life can
be rather difficult. Many people get into the

of coming home from

work and watching TV or surfing the Internet.
Although this may seem relaxing, it is not
appropriate in the long term for personal growth.
Therefore, for the sake of a healthy personal
life, it is essential to be and
not just on such passive
activities. Show some passion and challenge
yourself to do something different every night, if
only for one hour at least. Set yourself goals, find
a hobby that your mind,
or just get round to doing all those little things

you've been meaning to do. Once you resist

allowing work to your life,
your will be a great sense of
achievement.

Translate the sentences into
English, using the words and
phrases in brackets.

1 滑 了 一 整 天 的 滑板 之 后 ， 我 感到 疲惫 不
Ht. (skateboard, worn out)

2 健康 顾问 查看 了 我 的 血液 检验 结果 ， 怀
疑 我 感染 了 病毒 ,建议 我 要 么 再 做 检查 ，
要 么 立即 去 看 医生 。(health consultant,
examine, virus, straight away)

3 想 要 提升 你 的 听 说 读 写 技能 ， 你 不 能 只
靠 课堂 学 习 ， 还 需要 在 课 后 不 断 学 习 和
运用 。(enhance rely on)

4 他 因为 在 雨中 打 篮 球 得 了 流感 。 由 于 感

到 眩 学 ， 他 不 得 不 躺 在 床上 休息 。(fu，

dizzy)

5 十 年 来 ， 他 专注 于 健康 生活 方式 的 研究 ，

终于 成 了 行业 内 的 专家 。(absorb)

6 十 几 年 前 ， 我 权 权 在 医学 院 学 习 外 科学 。
成 为 一 名 外 科 医 生 后 ， 他 每 星期 都 做 外
科 手 术 。(surgery surgeon)

7 我 们 的 团队 由 七 个 人 组 成 。(be

composed of)

Using Structures

1

A group of students are chatting
after class. Complete the
conversations with the correct
forms of the phrases in the box.

eat a good breakfast

get your parents’ permission
hang out with friends

balance work and personal life

1 A: I'm thinking about riding a motorbike to
school. What do you think?
B: Oh? Well, I think it’s necessary
first.
2 A:Howcome you fainted suddenly
yesterday? Didn't you eat anything in the

morning?
B: I'm ona diet.
A: That's so bad! You know it’s important
every
morning.

3 A:/ often see you around Central Park.
B: Yes, I like there every
weekend. We usually play ball games.
4 A:z\hear that the new headmaster has too
many things to do.
B: Yes. It will be a big challenge for him

Number all the infinitives in the
passage. Then put the numbers
into the different categories.

These days, the attitude of many people is
to just eat food that they think tastes good.
However, this can lead to an unbalanced diet,
which often results in short-term and long-
term health issues. If you want to stay healthy,
then you need a balanced diet. Needless to say,
it is not always easy to plan such a diet, but the
good thing is that there is a lot of advice out
there.

UNIT 2 HEALTHY LIFESTYLE

To save yourself some time, you could try
ooking at a “food pyramid’—a chart that shows
you how much of each type of food to eat. You
could also make healthy food at home and try
o avoid eating packaged foods or fast food. It
is essential for you to eat healthy food. You will
feel better, have more energy, and have fewer

health problems in later life.

e As the subject:
@ As the object:
e As the predicative:
e As the attribute:

e As the adverbial:

A holiday is a perfect time to relax.
You are planning a trip to Hangzhou
for your American friend. Complete
the paragraph about your plan.
It will take us about halfan hour
( 到 达 ) the West Lake. In the
morning, we will visit the places of interest
around or near the West Lake, including
the lake, Gu Hill, Lingyin Temple, and Lei
Feng Pagoda. This will be a good chance
( 欣赏 ) the beautiful
scenery as well as the history and culture
of Hangzhou. In the afternoon we may
尝试 a taste of Longjing
Tea and ( 看 电影 ) For the
evening, there are many things we can choose
from, like dinner, shopping, and experiencing
the local night life. It will be fun for us
(选择 ) together what we want

to do after you arrive.

~~ WORKBOOK a : - oO

Listening and Speaking

1

Look at these photos. Discuss these questions in groups.

1 Why do people do these activities?
2 What do these activities have in common?
3 Which of these activities do you like best and why?

Listen to a speech and answer these questions.

1 Who do you think the speaker is talking to?

2 What do many students worry about?

3 What puts your health at risk?

4 What did the student do in the evening?

5 What was the problem with the way she tried to relax?

© 3 Listen again and take notes on the speaker's tips.

70

4

Tip 1 Tip 2 Tip 3
Do what?
For how long?
Details/Examples

Result

In groups, discuss these questions.

1 In what other ways can people relax?

2 In your life, what things make you stressed?

3 What do you do to reduce stress and relax?

4 Which of the speaker's tips do you think would work for you?
一 一 UNIT 2 HEALTHY LIFESTYLE ”一 一

Reading and Writing

™@) 1 Read the text. Whom do you think this text is written for? What is the purpose?

MY EXPERIENCES WITH COMPUTER GAMES

| clearly remember the first time | played a computer game. | was
seven years old. My friend had gotten a computer for his birthday.
He invited me to play a game, which was very simple by today’s
standards, but we loved it! We played for hours. We would meet after
school every day to play it. My addiction to computer games started
then. Not long after that, my friend moved to the city. | missed him, but
| got my own computer and began playing by myself.

Over the years, computer games developed rapidly. Technology improved, and there were always
new and better games to play. You could then play games over the Internet with people from all
over the world, using either computers or smartphones. The online games were fascinating and it
was always exciting to play.

At first, | played games over the Internet after | had done my homework and eaten dinner. Then
| started playing as soon as | got home each day. My parents stopped me, so | started playing it
in the middle of the night. | went to school and often fell asleep in class. My teacher would scold
me but | would often do the same thing the next day! Shortly after that, | began to skip meals
and play through the night. My parents found out and took away my computer and smartphone.
| knew | had gone too far. My love of computer games had become an addiction. It was affecting
my schoolwork and my health, and | felt quite depressed.

Then one day | bumped into my friend again! He
had moved back to our hometown. We hadn’t
seen each other for ages. He looked happy and
healthy. We talked about the past and the good
times we had, playing that old game. He still
played computer games, but he also did many
other things. He invited me to play basketball
with some friends. | got tired quickly, but | loved it!
Afterwards, we played a board game. We laughed
and talked and played for hours. It was very
sociable and great fun. Playing games with my
friends in real life was much more enjoyable than
doing so online.

Computer games are great fun and | still play them sometimes. New technology is making more
amazing things possible. I’ve learnt that some games can even teach us to train our brains to solve
problems. However, games can also be addictive, so balance is important for a healthy lifestyle. We
can spoil good things by doing them too much. Now | enjoy playing games even more because | am
able to maintain a good balance between work and play.

71

WORKBOOK - ee ne

72

2 Read the passage again and answer the questions below.

1 How did the writer's love for computer games begin?

2 Why did the writer's parents take away his computer and smartphone? Do you think they
were right? Why?

Why do you think the writer felt tired after playing basketball?
According to the writer, what is more fun than playing games online?

What did the writer learn by recovering from his game addiction?

3 Match the paragraphs with their main ideas. Then choose sentences from the text
that give more details.

Paragraph Main ideas Details

The addictive effects of computer

games

An understanding and appreciation
of computer games

Finding an alternative to computer
games

The boy's first experiences with
computer games

Excitement over advances in the

computer game industry

4 Discuss these questions in groups.
1 What physical, mental, and social problems could arise from being addicted to computer
games?
2 Can parents reliably control how much their children play computer/mobile games? If so,
how? Please talk about your own or others’ experiences.

3 Computer games can “train our brains to solve problems”. Do you agree that games can be
useful in this way? Do you know of any examples?

5 Write a leaflet to warn other students about the risks of becoming addicted to
computer games and mobile games. Share your leaflet with your class.
- ee = = 一 一 UNIT2 HEALTHY LIFESTYLE

*Expanding Your World

Little Women, written by Louisa May Alcott and published in 1868, is
a famous American novel. The story follows the lives of the March
family. While the father is working away from home, the mother
has to look after their four teenaged daughters—Meg, Jo, Beth,
and Amy—on her own.

THE EXPERIMENT Louisa May Alcott

(adapted from Little Women)

“Vacation, finally!” exclaimed Meg, coming home to find Jo already lying on the sofa.

“What will you do on your vacation?” asked Amy.

“Stay in bed late, and do nothing,” replied Meg.

“Sit in the old apple tree and read!” said Jo.

“Beth, let’s not do any lessons for a while, but play all the time and rest, like Meg and Jo,” begged
Amy.

“| will, if Mother doesn’t mind. | want to learn some new songs,” replied Beth.

“May we all try what we want to do, Mother?” asked Meg.

“You may try your experiment for a week and see how you like it,” Mrs March said with a smile.

“It will be wonderful, I’m sure,” said Meg.

“Fun forever, and no work!” exclaimed Jo.

The next morning, Meg got up at ten o’clock and had breakfast alone. Jo spent the morning with
a friend and the afternoon reading in the apple tree. Beth pulled all her toys out of her closet but then
left them to play some music. Amy put on her best dress and went outside to draw, hoping someone

would notice the beautiful young artist. No one appeared, so she went for a walk, got caught in the
rain, and came home dripping.

In the evening, they all assured their mother the experiment was going well. She smiled, said
nothing, and did her work, keeping their home pleasant and running smoothly.

The days became longer and longer, and it affected all four girls. Meg found time hanging heavily
and started cutting and spoiling her clothes, trying to make them more fashionable. Jo read till her
eyes hurt and she was sick of books. Beth sometimes suddenly shook her doll and shouted at it.
Amy was quite bored, for she didn’t like dolls or reading, and she couldn’t draw all the time. But no
one would admit that they were tired of the experiment.

On Saturday morning, the girls got up to find no breakfast in the dining room and no mother to be
seen.

Meg ran upstairs and soon came back, looking relieved but a little ashamed.

“Mother isn’t sick, only very tired. She says she is going to rest today and let us do the best we
can. She says it has been a hard week for her, so we must take care of ourselves.”

The girls put together a breakfast tray for their mother and Jo brought it up to her. The tea was
very bitter, the eggs were burnt, and the biscuits tasted odd, but she thanked them for their kindness.

73
~— WORKBOOK = -一 = SEE 一 一 == —

“They will have a hard time, I'm afraid, but they won't suffer, and it will do them good,” she said to
herself after Jo left, taking out the breakfast which she had prepared for herself earlier.

Meg went to tidy the living room, hiding the litter under the sofa and shutting the curtains to save
her the trouble of dusting. :

Jo went to ask their mother about lunch. “Eat whatever you like,” said Mrs March. “I’m going out
to lunch. I’m taking a vacation today.”

And so Jo discovered that something more than energy and effort is necessary to make a cook.
She boiled the vegetables for an hour, burnt the bread, found only a small bit of meat in the lobster,
and then declared lunch ready before the potatoes were quite done. The girls and their two guests sit
down to lunch.

The one strong point was the strawberries, for Jo had covered them in sugar and had a jug of
cream to go with them. Amy took a big spoonful and choked.

“What’s wrong?” exclaimed Jo.

“Salt, not sugar, and the cream is sour,” replied Meg.

Jo was about to cry, when suddenly she realized how funny it all was. She laughed till the tears ran
down her cheeks. So did everyone else, and the lunch ended with bread and butter and fun. They
were then busy for the whole afternoon, tidying and cleaning, as well as receiving guests and running
errands.

In the evening, the girls gathered on the porch.
f Each girl groaned or sighed as she sat down.

“What a dreadful day this has been!” began Jo.

“It has seemed shorter than usual, but so
uncomfortable,” said Meg.

“Not a bit like home,” added Amy.

“Not without Mother,” sighed Beth.

“Here | am, dear. Are you satisfied with your
experiment, girls, or do you want another week of
it?” she asked.

“| don’t!” cried Jo.

“Nor |,” echoed the others.
“Mother, did you go away just to see how we’d get on?” said Meg.

“Yes, | thought you should see what happens when everyone thinks only of herself. Isn’t it
pleasanter to have daily duties and then relax? To help each other out, so home is comfortable for us
all?”

“Oh yes, Mother!” exclaimed the girls.

“Our little burdens seem heavy but will grow lighter as we learn to carry them. Work keeps us
from boredom and mischief, is good for health and spirits, and gives us a sense of power and
independence better than money or fashion. But remember, don’t go to the other extreme and work
like slaves! Have regular hours for work and play and make each day both useful and pleasant. Then
youth will be delightful, old age will bring few regrets, and life will become a success, whether you're
rich or poor.”

74
UNIT 3 :

Using Words and Expressions

1 Match the words from the two
boxes to make new phrases and
then use them to complete the
sentences below.

autonomous corporate nuclear
river safety wildlife

SSIS RISA ESD OSES SAN SD AREAS

basin conservation _ culture
energy inspection region

1 Most used vehicles are required to pass

a before their sale or 3

transfer.

2 The Inner Mongolia
is the widest province in China and has
a diverse topography, including plateaus,
hills, plains, deserts, rivers, and lakes.

3 Itis known to all that rivers have been the
cradles of human civilisation since ancient
times. For example, Chinese civilisation
originated in the Yellow

4 Ifyou want to build a successful company,
you must focus on creating a strong

5 There has been a long-term debate
about whether is
environmentally sustainable or not.

6 The goal of isto protect 4

Earth’s biological diversity and maintain
the balance in nature.

2 Circle the best words to complete
the sentences. Then explain the
differences between the two words.

1 Karl Marx was clearly one of the most
influential/powerful philosophers in
history.

2 The meeting ended with the committee
members unable to agree on a(n) agenda/

schedule.

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION

The country is still restoring/recovering
from the effects of the war.

The investigators were asked to submit/
hand in a comprehensive report before the
end of this month.

Experts say the leatherback turtles have
become increasingly unusual/rare due to
the special fishing technique.

It is estimated that the volume/total of
global trade would decline by 6% if there
were a trade war.

Translate the sentences into
English, using the words and
phrases in brackets.

1

2

一 位 著名 探险 家 于 1925 年 在 亚 马 孙 丛林
里 失踪 。(jungle)

面 对 公 众 的 压力 ， 广 告 公司 为 广告 中 的
错误 信息 道 了 歉 。(in responseto)

他 代表 公司 员工 在 会 上 发 了 言 。(on
behalf of)

我 们 应 该 掌握 主动 权 ， 采 取 一 系列 政
策 和 措施 来 减少 空气 污染 。(seize the
initiative policy)

2015 年 ， 在 联合 国 的 一 次 峰会 (summit
上 ，193 个 会 员 国 家 就 《2030 年 可 持
续 发 展 议程 》 达 成 了 一 致 。(agenda，

sustainable)

List as many words as you can that
use the suffixes below.

-able

-ate

-ion

-ism

-ive

-ment

-OUus

7

~~~ WORKBOOK 本 -

76

Using Structures

1 Last month you met your former
classmate Sarah, an exchange
student from Canada. Here are
some of the things she said to you.
Now you are telling another friend

what she said. Use indirect speech.

Orm living in Beijing now.

gl saw Helen at a party last week and she
Pp
gave me her new cell phone number.

8 haven't seen Paul for a long time.

I'm applying to become a volunteer at
the science museum.

加

| don’t take cooking classes any more,
but | still enjoy cooking.

©

I'll go to Xi'an for the coming holiday
with my parents.

1 Sarah said that

2 She said that

2 Read the sentences in the box and
use them to complete the sentences
that follow, using indirect speech as
the example given.

“Please slow down!”

“Could you hold the door for me, Henry?”
“Turn the volume down, Jim. ”

“Don't worry too much about it.”

“Did you have a good time?”

“Why didn't you come to the party?”

“Do you like Italian food?”

“How long have you been married?”

“Just go to bed.”

~Zxo77rmog 四 >

1 Bill was driving too fast, so I told him to slow
down.

2 Mother was answering the phone, so she

3 Sue was a little nervous about the exam, so I

4 Sarah was carrying a large box in her
hands and wanted to go out, so she asked

5 I wanted to invite Mary out for dinner, so I

6 Jack just came back from his holiday. I

7 William didn’t show up at my party, so I

8 The photographer was taking pictures of an
older couple. He

9 It was quite late when her son got home, so

she

Work in pairs. Report a piece of
news that you heard today to your
partner. The following expressions
may help you.

© [heard over the radio that ...

° The reporter said that ...

© Itwas announced that ...

© The authorities warned that ...

° The expert advised that ...

° The researchers estimated that ...

* The company claimed that ...

* The police confirmed that ...
a. llC.tltltllttCtid wi.
eS ———— UNIT3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION —

Listening and Speaking

1 Before you listen, look at the pictures below and discuss the following
questions.

1 Where do you think these photos were taken?
2 What do you think the two people are doing? Why are they doing it?
3 Do you believe an ordinary person can achieve great things?

() 2 Listen to the story and check your answers in Activity 1.

© 3 Listen again and decide whether the statements are true (T) or false (F).
Then correct the mistakes.

1 Yin Yuzhen moved to the desert to stay with her husband. TL]

F
2 She started to plant trees because she wanted to create land for farming. TL) FI
3 Many of the young trees had died before they found the best plants and methods

to use in the desert. al
4 After decades, about 60,000 trees have been planted. TL]
5 Yin Yuzhen has received awards and recognition from all over the world. TL]

4 Work in groups. Discuss the questions.

1 What is the speaker's attitude towards Yin Yuzhen and her husband’s actions? How did the
speaker describe Yin Yuzhen?

2 “Although actions may seem small and insignificant, over time they join together to become
great achievements.” What do you think this sentence means? Do you agree? Give your
reasons.

77

WORKBOOK — _

1 Look at the title and the pictures below and decide what you think the text is about.

™@) 2 Read the text and complete the table.

SMALL WASTE, BIG PROBLEM

Many of us might not give a second thought to dropping a small piece of litter. After all, if it is
so small, it cannot possibly be that harmful, can it? In today’s world, the answer is certainly “Yes
it can!” With the growing use of plastic bags and the rising number of smokers, there is more
litter being produced than ever before.

Although cigarette butts are small, they are bad for the environment.
_ Worldwide, about 4.3 trillion cigarette butts are littered every year.
As well as spoiling the beauty of the environment, they contain toxic
chemicals. These find their way into the water supply where they affect
water quality and endanger plants and animals. Cigarette butts can
take up to 25 years to break down, and the toxic chemicals add up
g toa large amount with so many littered. So, if people want to smoke,
they should dispose of the butts properly in a rubbish bin.

Plastic bags are another common form of litter that is dangerous to the

environment. They are easily blown by wind and float in water, so they
can travel long distances. They find their way to rivers, parks, beaches,
and oceans, killing many birds, mammals, fish, and sea animals each year worldwide. They
can last for hundreds of years in the environment. We should not let plastic bags become
litter. We should use fewer plastic bags, and reuse and recycle what we have already used.

78

a . UNIT3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION —

One way to reduce the use of plastic bags is to charge for them. Shops used to give plastic
bags for free. But in some countries, including China, customers are now charged for each
bag. Some shops also have a “bag-for-life” scheme. They sell stronger bags that can be
reused, and they replace them for free if the bags ever break.

Waste is a big problem for the environment, so we need to do something. Not littering at all
or cleaning up “small waste” saves money spent on disposing of litter properly. However, it
would be better not to smoke or use plastic bags at all.

Paragraph Main Idea Important Details
1 Small pieces of litter can be plastic bags and litter from smokers increased
harmful.
2
3
4

3 Work in groups. Discuss the questions.

1 What does the title mean? Can you name some other small pieces of trash?
2 What are the effective solutions of the problems?

3 Imagine you are a leader of your community, what proposals would you put forward to
improve the environment?

4 Work in groups. Make a poster about the use of plastic bags or littering.

1 Think about what information you will put on the poster and what message you want to
convey.

2 Decide the essential parts of your poster: headline, body, and signature. Make sure your
headline attracts the readers’ attention and your message is clear and impressive.

3 Choose a few good pictures for your poster.

4 Present your poster to the class or put it up in the classroom.

*5 Write an assessment of what is being done to control the “small waste”
problem.

1 Think about the measures that have been taken to deal with the “small waste” problem in
your !ocal community and in the country overall.

2 Surf the Internet and find more facts about the measures taken to strengthen your
assessment.

3 Consider the following questions when forming your argument:
* Do you think the measures have been effective? Why or why not?
s What are the benefits of the measures? What are the disadvantages?

4 Write your assessment of the measures taken.

5 Present your assessment to the class or display it in the classroom.

79

~~ WORKBOOK a —_

*Expanding Your World

A CLEAN, GREEN ENERGY FUTURE

The world’s energy needs are growing every year. As countries develop and their populations
grow, the demand for the energy to support them increases. Until now, this growth has relied
heavily on the use of fossil fuels (coal, oil, and gas). Although their use has been essential so
far, reliance on them has led to pollution problems, and perhaps the greatest future challenge
for mankind, climate change.

Thankfully, many countries are making the important change from fossil fuels to clean, green,
and renewable sources of energy. Fossil fuels produce emissions, such as carbon dioxide,
which contribute to the greenhouse effect and the global climate. They are also “finite”
sources, which means there is a limited supply of them. Once a source has been used up,
another must be found, and finding new sources becomes more difficult and expensive over
time. With no emissions or waste, renewable energy sources cause limited damage to the
environment. They are renewable because they can be naturally replaced and can therefore
be consumed without the risk of using them up.

Here are the main types of renewable energy, with facts and examples from around the world.

Hydropower

The power of water turns turbines which produce
electricity. Since ancient times, watermills have
been used for many things, from grinding wheat
to sawing timber. Countries such as Paraguay and
Norway already produce all or most of their energy
from hydropower. Most of the renewable energy
in China comes from hydropower plants, such as
the Three Gorges Dam, the world’s largest power
station.

Solar
Solar panels turn heat from the sun’s rays into
electricity, and solar heaters use that energy to heat
water directly. This is the fastest growing renewable
energy source, as the cost of the technology is
falling.

Germany has the highest solar capacity in the
world, but China is the world’s largest market and
the largest producer of solar technology.

80
i CS = UNIT3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION “一 一 一

Wind

Tall turbines are turned by the wind to produce electricity. Wind “farms” are built on land, or
offshore, to take advantage of more frequent and powerful winds at sea. The world’s largest
wind farm is the London Array. It has 175 wind turbines and is 20 km off the coast of England.
Researchers think China could meet all her electricity demands from wind by 2030. Wind farms in
provinces such as Gansu have an endless wind supply.

Geothermal

This has been a natural source of energy for thousands of years. Today, heat from below the
earth’s surface heats water into steam that turns turbines to generate electricity. The USA has the
largest capacity, with over 80% generated in California. The Yangbajing Power Plant is the largest
geothermal plant in China.

Biofuel

This is material from biological sources (such
as corn or grain) or waste products that is used
to produce energy. It is used in generators for
electricity, or in cars and other machines. Brazil
has produced and used biofuel made from sugar
cane for 40 years. China is the world’s third
largest producer of biofuel.

So, what are the pros and cons of renewable energy?

The strongest “pro” is that it is clean, producing
almost no pollution. Resources are abundant and
free, and cannot be used up. Projects, once set up, require less to maintain. They are ideal on a
small scale; one can have solar panels on the roof, but not a coal power station in the kitchen! It
is also better for energy security. Getting resources from within the country means less reliance on
resources from abroad, and less risk from political or economic changes.

There are also some “cons”. With no wind or sun, there may be no power. Projects are built in
places where resources are abundant, but often far away from the cities where power is needed.
Solar projects are expensive to set up. Hydroelectric projects can cause problems with flooding
when they change the natural flow of rivers. Biofuel projects use up land, which could be used for
growing food.

Can renewables really be the future of energy? Our modern world has been built on fossil fuels, so
it is hard to change quickly. However, the use of renewable energy is growing in China and around
the world. Given the problems of climate change, there is little doubt that they will continue to grow.
As extracting fossil fuels is becoming more difficult and expensive, the cost of renewable energy is
falling. New battery technology, for example, solves the problem of bringing electricity from distant
sources to cities. Along with our being more aware of our energy consumption and waste, a clean,
green energy future is possible and necessary.

81

_- 4 ws

82

UNIT4 |

Using Words and Expressions

1

Combine the suffixes with the
words to form new words. In pairs,
think of more words formed with
these suffixes and draw a mind
map.

resolve self commit _ bitter
exhibit vigour persevere invest
real assign cruel guide
tolerate sail envy navigate |

-tion -ance -ment -or
-ty -ish -0US -al
-able -less  -able -ness

2 Think of a word that best fits each

definition.

1 large objects such as tables,
chairs, and beds

2 the short, loud sound made by
dogs or other animals

3 feeling or showing a lot of
interest or excitement about sth

4 money you earn that is paid
every week/month

5 the son of your brother or sister
of good enough standard or

quality; respectable

7 anevent,a situation, ora period

of time in one’s life

3

Choose words from the box to complete
the phrases. Then make sentences
with these phrases.

bat belongings blanket
comic corporate entry :
hidden —_ thorough wage |

1 increase

2 actress

3 motive

4 diary

5 baseball

6 investigation

7 image

8 a ofsnow

9 Personal

Translate the sentences into English,

using the words and phrases in

brackets.

1 在 我 看 来 ， 沙 克 尔 顿 不 仅 是 一 位 称职 的 探险
家 , 还 是 一 位 了 不 起 的 领导 者 。(qualified)

2 即使 当 他 命令 船员 弃 船 时 ， 也 不 曾 流露 出

JL AN 1%. (crew, abandon)

3 在 他 的 指导 下 ， 船 员 们 服从 纪律 ， 忙 碌 却

不 慌乱 。(guidance)

4 他 鼓励 船员 们 参与 各 种 娱乐 和 庆祝 活动 ，

因为 他 认为 这 些 活动 能 使 他 们 精神 振作

起 来 。(recreation, keep one’s spirits up)

5 he, KHMER bee

在 令 人 痛苦 的 环境 下 生活 ， 每 个 人 都 急切

也 想 要 返回 家 乡 。(rough, miserable)

6 他 决心 要 将 所 有 船员 安全 地 带 回 祖国 ， 这

也 是 他 对 船员 们 的 真切 关怀 。(resolution，

genuine)

Using Structures

1

Complete the sentences using
the correct forms of the verbs in

brackets.

11 (think) about what you
said ... and think you're probably right.

2 We (try) to arrange an
interview with the presidential candidate
for days, but we
(not receive) their response yet.

3 I guess that you (use)
the computer a lot recently. You should rest
your eyes more often.

4 I'msorry the meeting
(delay). you

(wait) along time?

5 you
(iron) the shirt? It is still damp.

6 The oven in her kitchen

(give) offa sweet smell. Do you know what

she is cooking?

Complete the conversations below
using the correct forms of the
verbs in brackets. Then explain
your choices.

1

A: George, you
(see) Martin recently?

B: No, but I (call) him last
week. He said he was busy.

A: What he (do)
these days?

B: I think he (do) some

experiments. He has to finish a paper
before the end of this month.

A: How long you
(play) for this team?

B: For two months.

A: Howlong you

(play) rugby?
B: Since I was eight years old.
3 A: Jane, come and see what I

(find).

B: What’ so surprising?

A: Well, I (look) through some
old photos and I (find) this

one of you and me.

B: Oh, my goodness. This photo

(take) on the day when we
(enter) university. That was

1S years ago.

3 Read the advertisement below and
then write a letter to apply for the

job. The expressions below may
help you.

CYCLING PARTNERS WANTED

We are looking for cycling partners to

join us for a trip to Zhangjiajie, and we

are looking for people who are positive,
full of vigour, and highly disciplined,
preferably with a strong passion or interest
for photography, painting, or writing.
Guesthouses and camping along the way.

If you are interested, please email:
carol @rjcyclingteam.com.

s [would like to ...
e [minterested in ...

s [think] ama good candidate for your ...
* [have been learning/practising/ ... since ...

/ for ...

© Talso have ... years’ experience as ... in ...
s I'm looking forward to hearing from you.

UNIT4 ADVERSITY AND COURAGE

83
WORKBOOK 一 一 a =——= =

Listening and Speaking

1 Before you listen, discuss the questions with a partner.

1 Have you ever encountered a difficulty or challenge in your life?
| 2 What did you do to overcome that difficulty or challenge?

) 2 Aschool counsellor is giving a speech. Listen to the speech and choose the
best answers.

1 What is the subject of his speech?
A What adversity means.
B How to overcome adversity.
C How to build up confidence.
D Keeping a positive attitude towards life.

2 According to the speaker, what are the three ways to deal with adversity?
A Change the way you look at things. B Take action.
C Learn from your mistakes. D Find someone to talk to.
E Focus on your goals. F Develop healthy habits.
3 What is the purpose of writing down your problems in detail and putting them in order?
A To face your failures.
B To deal with your problems one by one.
C To restore confidence.
D To help you distinguish between real problems and unnecessary worries.
4 Which of the following is not mentioned in the speech?
A Improving your health can help you cope with adversity.
B Developing healthy habits will make you feel happy and confident.
C Developing healthy habits will help you concentrate on your work.
D Staying with friends and family may help you cope with adversity.

3 Discuss the questions in groups.

1 What other advice can you think of for overcoming difficulties?
2 Do you agree that adversity makes one stronger and better? Why or why not?

84
人 — 一 UNIT4 ADVERSITY AND COURAGE 《一 一 一

Reading and Writing

™@) 1 Read the passage about a famous person in ancient China and find out what
adversity he faced.

FAN ZHONGYAN

Perhaps one of the most famous sayings in China is, “To be the first
to feel concern for the troubles of the world, and the last to enjoy
its pleasures.” Written by Fan Zhongyan, this 11th century proverb
provides a goal for all Chinese government officials to aspire to.

Fan Zhongyan (989-1052) himself was a good example of someone
who lived by these words. Fan was born in Suzhou in 989 CE. When
he was just one or two years old, his father died and his mother
married another man. From a very young age, he was very diligent in
his schoolwork. Later, he left his stepfather’s family and had to stay
in a temple, where he was only able to eat porridge each day. In the
winter, he had to cut frozen porridge into pieces for his meals. It is said that one day one of his
friends noticed that he was not eating well, so he sent over some tasty food. Fan refused to
touch it, saying that he wanted to be content with what he had.

In 1015, Fan passed the imperial examination and became a government official. While he
served in Taizhou, he always had the people’s best interest at heart, and so he proposed
building a sea wall to protect homes from flooding. This sea wall was later called “Lord Fan’s
Embankment”. Serving with distinction, he helped build up defenses when the country was
threatened by war. Then, once the country was at peace again, he was promoted to a high-
level position in the capital, where he was able to advise the emperor on government policy.

As an advisor to the emperor, Fan then tried to institute government reforms, known as the
Qingli reforms. However, many conservative bureaucrats opposed him, and so the reforms
were stopped and Fan was forced to leave the capital and go into exile.

While in exile in 1045, Fan wrote an essay entitled Memorial to Yueyang Tower. In the essay,
he wondered if it was possible to find government officials who would be firm in their desire to
look after the needs of the common people, and not worry about their own personal welfare.
Of such a man, Fan said, “When serving in a high office at court, he will be concerned for the
people; if living on distant rivers and
lakes, he will be concerned for his
sovereign. When serving, he worries;
while in retirement, he worries. And
when does he enjoy himself? One
must say: To be the first to feel
concern for the troubles of the world,
and the last to enjoy its pleasures.”

SkeER ees eae

ae
es
MR & te
二
a

ee
hae
ity
aaa
OR 漂 :
EB
ae
Rae et

85

一 一 WORKBOOK = 二 一 一 - er oe =

After Fan retired, he bought a farm and used it to provide jobs for local people. The profits
from the farm were then used to pay for the education of poor children. Though by this time
he was a wealthy man, he spent all of his money helping others and lived a very simple life.

It is refreshing to think that there was once such a person who did not just speak wise words
to live by, but who also put those words into practice during his own life. Fan Zhongyan was
just such a man.

2 Put the events in the correct order.

Fan retired and bought a farm.
Fan wrote the essay Memorial to Yueyang Tower.
Fan was demoted.
Fan passed the imperial examination.
1 Fans father died.
Fan built a sea wall in Taizhou.
Fan helped build up the country’s defenses.
Fan was only able to eat one serving of porridge a day.
Fan tried to institute government reforms.

Fan became a government official.

3 Read the passage again and answer the questions below.

What do people expect an honest government official to live by?
Why did many bureaucrats oppose Fan’s reforms?

What did he express in his famous essay?

How did Fan use his farm to help others?

In the opinion of the author, what was refreshing about Fan’s life?

ODN 一

4 ingroups, discuss the following questions.

1 How was Fan a good example of the saying?
2 In what ways can you put Fan’s saying into practice?

5 Have you ever met or heard of someone who persevered and overcame
adversity in his/her life? Write a story about this person. Your story should
include the following:

e An introduction which tells us the name of the person, what work he/she does, and how
you got to know him/her

e¢ Some details about the problem he/she faced

e The different ways he/she tried to overcome the problem

e How he/she felt after overcoming the difficulties

e Any lessons that you learnt from this person’s story

86
—_ = 一 一 一 UNIT 4 ADVERSITY AND COURAGE —

*Expanding Your World

AN EXCERPT FROM.

THE OLD MAN AND THE SEA
(adapted)

Blood attracted the shark from deep down in the sea. Suddenly,
he was on top of the blue water, shining in the sun. Then he fell
back into the sea and started swimming in the direction of the skiff
and the fish.

Ernest Hemingway

Sometimes he lost the scent of the fish. But when he picked it up again, he swam hard in
that direction. He was a big Mako shark who swam as fast as the fastest fish in the sea, and
everything about him was beautiful, except his jaws. His back was blue like a sword fish, his
belly was silver, and his thick skin was smooth and handsome. He looked like a sword fish
except for his huge jaws. Just under the surface you could see his fin moving quickly through
the water. Inside his jaws all of his teeth were shaped like claws. They were long and sharp on
both sides. The shark is so fast and strong that he is king of the sea. Now he smelled a fresh
scent and swam quickly through the water.

When the old man saw him coming, he knew that this shark was not afraid. He prepared the
harpoon and some rope as the shark approached. The rope was short as he had cut some
away before to tie the fish.

The old man’s head was clear now and he was ready, but he was not hopeful. | can’t win, he
thought. He watched the great fish come closer. This might be a dream, he thought. | cannot
keep him from hitting me but maybe | can get him.

The old man saw the shark’s mouth open and take a bite of the fish just above its tail. The
shark’s head and back came out of the water and the old man could hear the noise of skin and
flesh ripping when he pushed the harpoon down onto the shark’s head between his eyes. That
was the location of the brain and the old
man hit it using all his strength. Despite
> this, he worried that this was not over
yet and that things might still get worse.

=s The shark turned over again and again,
© wrapping himself in the rope. The old
* man knew that he was dead but the
shark would not accept it. Then, on his —
back, with his tail lashing and his jaws
clicking, the shark plowed over the

87

WORKBOOK

water. Three-quarters of his body was clear above the water when the rope broke. The shark lay
quietly for a little while on the surface and the old man watched him. Then he went down very
slowly.

“He took about forty pounds,” the old man said aloud. He took my harpoon too and all the
rope, he thought. And now my fish bleeds again and there will be other sharks soon.

He did not want to look at the
damaged fish anymore. When the fish
had been hit, it felt like he was hit.

But | killed the shark that hit my fish,
he thought. And he was the biggest
one that | have ever seen. And God
knows that | have seen big ones.

| knew | could not catch the shark, he
thought. | wish it had been a dream
now and that | had never caught the
fish and was alone in bed reading newspapers.

“But man is not made for defeat,” he said. “A man can be destroyed but not defeated.” | am
sorry that | killed the fish though, he thought. Now | do not even have a harpoon to protect
myself. The shark is cruel, strong, and intelligent. But | was more intelligent than he was.
Perhaps not, he thought. Perhaps | only had a better weapon.

“Don't think, old man,” he said aloud. “It’s time to sail home.”

But | must think, he thought. Because it is all | have left. That and baseball. | wonder how the
great DiMaggio would have liked the way | hit the shark in the brain? It was no great thing, he
thought. Any man could do it.

“Think about something cheerful, old man,” he said. “Every minute now you are closer to home.
You sail lighter now for the loss of forty pounds.”

He knew this part of the current could be dangerous. But there was nothing to be done now.

“Yes, there is,” he said aloud. “1 can tie my knife
to the bottom of one of the oars.”

So, he did that.

“Now,” he said. “l am still an old man. But | do
have a weapon.”

The breeze was fresh now and he sailed on well.
Some of his hope returned.

1

UNIT5

Using Words and Expressions

Write down the new words from the
unit based on the definitions.

difficult to understand

2 the way you feel at a
particular time

3 the general arrangement,
plan, design, etc. of something

4 a strong thread used for
tying things together

5 a difference between
similar things

6 aperson who does an

activity just for pleasure, not as a job

Match the words from both columns
to make phrases, Look up the
meanings of the phrases ina
dictionary if necessary.

folk comprehension
blank deadline
core expression
electronic era
furniture music
diamond prejudice
golden values
reading version
racial wedding
tight polish

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

POEMS —

8

9
10

Complete the following sentences
using the phrases in Activity 2.

1 With such a wide variety of comedy
series on TV, I would say we are in a
of comedy.
2 I tried to explain what had happened, but he
just looked at me with a
and remained silent.
3 Just one month after the
was launched, the novel appeared
on several bestseller lists.
4 The happy couple, who are both over
80, celebrated their
anniversary last week.
5 Everyone on this project is working
extremely hard to meet the
6 Youcan improve your by
reading a wide variety of texts.
7 The theatre has a reputation for
providing world-class
performance.
8 The roomis filled with the smell of

Translate the following sentences
into English, using the words and
phrases in brackets.

1 我 愿意 和 言行 一 致 的 人 交 朋 友 。
(correspond with)
2 这 首 诗 有 许多 不 同 的 英 译 版 本 。(version)
3 志愿 者 们 希望 能 将 爱 的 种 子 散 播 到 每 个
孩子 的 心中 。(sowthe seeds)
4 我 需要 一 根 绳子 把 这 些 气球 扎 起 来 。(a
piece of string)
5 Ett hRAT MRS PCE St
民 的 同情 。(sympathy innocent, civilian)
89

~~~ WORKBOOK ——

90

Using Structures

Use relative pronouns or adverbs
to connect the following sentences.

1 The7jad(《 伊 利 亚 特 》) and the Odyssey

(《 奥 德 赛 》) are among the earliest Western
poems. They are considered masterpieces of
Western literature.

2 In 2017, Bob Dylan was awarded the Nobel
Prize in Literature. This raised a heated
debate among the public: Can song lyrics
ever be poetry?

3 We learnt nursery rhymes as children. We
never seem to forget them.

4 It can be an enjoyable experience to recite
these poems. The rhymes and rhythm of
the poems give them a memorable quality.

5 Clicking the link will take you to the
website. There you can find classic poems
from all around the world.

6 Why did the poet write this poem? The reason

was to amuse people and make them smile.

7 The poem J Wandered Lonely as a Cloud
describes a special moment in time. At that
moment the poet was moved by a field of
yellow daffodils dancing in the wind.

ee

8 Emily Dickinson was a great American
poet. Her life remained a mystery.

Read the following text and fill in
the blanks with correct words.

Mulan is a legendary woman from ancient
Chinese history, the earliest record

is a 360-word poem known as The Ballad of
Mulan. There is no proof she was a
real person. The only information

we are sure about is that her story is connected
with the history of China in the 4th or Sth
century CE. In the ballad, Mulan decides to
take her aged father’s place in the army. After
twelve years’ fighting, the army returns and
the warriors are rewarded. Mulan turns down

is offered by the
Khan and asks only for a horse to take her back

an official post

home. After greeting her family, Mulan changes
back into her female clothing and visits her
comrades, are all amazed and
confused. During the 12 years in the army, they

did not realise that Mulan was a woman.

Read the lines taken from Tagore’s
Stray Birds. Follow the pattern of
words and use your imagination to
write your own lines.

© The hills are like shouts of children who
raise their arms, trying to catch stars.

* Let me think that there is one among those
stars that guides my life through the dark
unknown.

* Let him only see the thorns who has eyes to
see the rose.

° There are tracts in my life that are bare and
silent. They are the open spaces where my

busy days had their light and air.
-- 一 - - UNIT5 POEMS ——

Listening and Speaking

1 Read aloud the following lines taken from Robert Burns's “Auld Lang Syne”
and answer the questions.

1 Have you ever heard of the poem or the song? Can you sing it?
2 What do you know about the song or the poet?

| Should old acquaintance be And surely you'll buy your pint cup!

| forgot, and never brought to mind? and surely I'll buy mine!

| Should old acquaintance be And we'll take a cup 0’ kindness yet,
| forgot, and auld lang syne? for auld lang syne.

| For auld lang syne, my dear, For auld lang syne, my dear,

| for auld lang syne, for auld lang syne,

| we'll take a cup of kindness yet, we'll take a cup of kindness yet,

| for auld lang syne. for auld lang syne.

Born: Nationality:
Education: Occupation:
Notable works: 1 “Auld Lang Syne”, written in

Z

8

:
:
i

¢) 3 Listen again and answer the questions.

1 What topic was Robert Burns interested in?
2 When do people usually sing the song “Auld Lang Syne”? What is so special about the lyrics?
3 Which night is known as Burns Night in Scotland? What do people do on the night?

4 Practise reading aloud the poem “Auld Lang Syne” and sing along with the
music.

91

入 WORKBOOK

Reading and Writing

™@) 1 Read the text and answer the questions.

NQOohond 一

What are the typical features of classical Chinese poetry?

How is modern poetry written?

What themes did the three Tang Dynasty poets like to write about?
Who first introduced Americans to Chinese poetry?

When did European literature come to China?

Who are the most popular English Romantic poets?

What does the writer think about translations of poems?

EXPLORING POETRY IN CHINA

Poetry plays with sounds, words, and grammar. That makes poetry difficult to write but very
interesting to read. Poetry uses colours, feelings, experiences, and images to paint a picture

in your mind.

In Chinese classical poetry, the form is very important: the correct number of lines and the
number of characters in each line. Poetry often follows special patterns of rhythm and rhyme.
However, modern poets began to reject traditional forms and structures for poetry in the 20th
century. As a result, most poetry today is written in free verse, with lines of varying length.

92

During the Tang Dynasty, a high point of classical
Chinese poetry, poems by Li Bai, Du Fu, and
Wang Wei became very popular. Widely known
as a genius and often called the “Immortal Poet”,
Li Bai (701-762) wrote with a romantic style and
his poems celebrated things such as friendship,
nature, and wine. Du Fu (712-770) is also known
as one of the greatest Chinese poets. He has
been called the “Poet-Historian” and the “Poet-
Sage” by Chinese critics, and his poems cover
a range of topics, with his most famous poems
reflecting on the effects of war on the people.
Wang Wei (701-761) was a painter, musician, and
poet, and he was well known for his love of nature
in his paintings and poetry.

一 一 - UNITS POEMS 一

Outside of Asia, the study of Chinese language introduced the West to Chinese poetry Americans
were first introduced to classical Chinese poetry by American poet Ezra Pound (1885-1973). He
translated 18 classical Chinese poems, mainly by Li Bai, into English, based on the notes of the
American art historian Ernest Fenollosa (1853-1908). At about the same time, Chinese writers
started reading more foreign poetry. From around 1910 onwards, European literature came to China
when some famous writers began to translate both poetry and novels into Chinese.

Just like readers in the West, Chinese readers admire Shakespeare, John Milton, Alexander
Pope and many others for their fine English poetry. English Romantic poets are greatly loved
in China. The nature poems by William Wordsworth, Ode to the West Wind by Percy Bysshe
Shelley, George Gordon Byron's Isles of Greece, and long poems by John Keats have long
been favourites. The style and the atmosphere in their poems have often led to comparisons
with poets such as Du Fu and Li Bai. Among modern poetry, the American poet Robert Frost
and his poems might be the best known.

Today, many Chinese people are becoming more interested in reading poems, no matter in
what language they are written. Translations can be good, but being able to read in the original
language is best. No matter how well a poem is translated, something of the spirit of the
original work is lost. Besides, poems and literature can be bridges between East and West.
They can help us to understand each other better, or as the poet Mu Dan wrote:

Quietly, we embrace
In a world lit up by words.

2 Discuss the questions with your partner.

1 How has foreign poetry influenced Chinese poetry? Find the clues from the text to support
your opinion.
2 Do you think translating poems from one language to another is a good thing? Why?

3 Read the poems in Expanding Your World and choose the poem you like best.
Write an essay about your understanding of the poem, and explain why you
like it. The following expressions may help you.

se The poem is written from a parent’s/... perspective.
e The poet describes the scene ...

* The poet compares ... with ...

se ... reminded me of ...

e The poet was filled with ... as he/she wrote ...

se The image of ... brings a feeling of ...

® The reason why | love this poem is that ...

93
WORKBOOK —— aa 一 一 一 一 一 一 一

*Expanding Your World

a ON THE STORK TOWER
和 Wang Zhihuan

‘ eens The sun beyond the mountain glows;

人 oe ‘ : The Yellow River seawards flows.
4 ere i You can enjoy a grander sight ~
ce : s By climbing to a greater height.
SPRING MORNING (translated by Xu Yuanchong)
Meng Haoran

This spring morning in bed I’m lying,
Not to awake till birds are crying.
After one night of wind and showers,
How many are the fallen flowers?

(translated by Xu Yuanchong) :
THE ROAD NOT TAKEN

Two roads diverged in a yellow wood And both that morning equally lay
And sorry I could not travel both In leaves no step had trodden black.
And be one traveler, long I stood Oh, I kept the first for another day!
And looked down one as far as I could Yet knowing how way leads on to way,
To where it bent in the undergrowth; I doubted if I should ever come back.
Then took the other, as just as fair, I shall be telling this with a sigh
And having perhaps the better claim, Somewhere ages and ages hence:
Because it was grassy and wanted wear; Two roads diverged in a wood, and I~
Though as for that the passing there I took the one less traveled by,
Had worn them really about the same, And that has made all the difference.

Sy
st

Robert Frost Ee

= av UNITS POEMS

THE GIFT

1 want to give you a ei my child, for we are drifiing i in
the stream of the world.

Our lives will be carried apart, and our love forgotten.

But ] am not so foolish as to hope that 1 could buy your heart
with my gifts.

Young is your life, your path long, and you drink the love we bring you at one draught and turn and run
away fromus.

You have your play and your playmates. What harm is there if you have no time for thought for us?

We indeed, have leisure enough in old age to count the days that are past, to cherish in our hearts what
our hands have lost for ever.

The river runs swift with a song, breaking through all barriers. But the mountain stays and remembers,
and follows her with his love.

Tagore
ON CHILDREN

Your children are not your children.

They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself.
They come through you but not from you,

And though they are with you yet they belong not to you.
You may give them your love but not your thoughts,

For they have their own thoughts.

You may house their bodies but not their souls,

For their souls dwell in the house of tomorrow,

which you cannot visit, not even in your dreams.

You may strive to be like them,

but seek not to make them like you.

For life goes not backward nor tarries with yesterday.

You are the bows from which your children

as living arrows are sent forth.

The archer sees the mark upon the path of the infinite,
and He bends you with His might

that His arrows may go swift and far.

Let your bending in the archers hand be for gladness;

For even as He loves the arrow that flies,

so He loves also the bow that is stable.

Kahlil Gibran

96

Appendices 附录
Notes 注释

Unit 1
The Middle Ages 中 世纪

中 世纪 也 称 作 Medieval times/period， 是 指 欧洲 从 罗马 文明 瓦解 起 到 文艺 复兴 运动 之 间 的 大 约 1,000
年 左右 。 这 一 时 期 ， 宗 教 教会 统治 严酷 ， 艺 术 局 限于 为 宗教 服务 ， 成 为 基督 教 的 象征 性 再 现 ， 体 现 于 教
堂 建筑 在 艺术 及 工程 设计 所 取得 的 传世 成 就 ， 如 拜占庭 教堂 、 罗 马 式 教 堂 、 哥 特 式 教堂 ， 以 及 与 宗教 相
关 的 有 雕刻、 绘画 等 。 这 一 时 期 的 艺术 作品 也 偶 有 世俗 内 容 的 体现 。

Their works were often primitive and two-dimensional, and the main characters ...
他 们 的 作品 通常 较为 粗糙 且 二 维 化 ， 主 体 人 物 ……:

dimension 意 为 “ 维 ”， 又 称 “ 维 度 "， 系 几何 学 及 空间 理论 概念 ， 也 是 绘画 、 构 图 的 基本 概念 之
一 。 构 成 空间 的 每 一 个 因素 ， 如 长 、 宽 、 高 各 自称 作 一 维 。 直 线 是 一 维 的 ， 平 面 是 二 维 的 ， 普 通 空间
( 立体 ) 属于 三 维 。

Giotto di Bondone (1267-1337) 乔 托 . 迪 . 邦 多 纳

乔 托 是 意大利 文艺 复兴 初期 的 画家 、 雕 塑 家 、 建 筑 师 ， 被 誉 为 “欧洲 绘画 之 父 ” 。 乔 托 的 作品 ， 突
出 人 物 和 形象 的 自然 性 ， 画 作 富有 景深 视觉 效果 ， 棚 棚 如 生 ， 为 同时 代 绘 画 杰出 楷模 ， 在 绘画 艺术 史上
产生 了 深远 的 影响 。

The Renaissance 文 艺 复兴 时 期

文艺 复兴 是 欧洲 新 兴 资 产 阶级 在 意识 形态 领域 开展 的 反 封建 、 反 教会 神权 的 一 场 思 想 文化 运动 。
13、14 世 纪 酝 酿 并 逐步 兴起 于 意大利 ，15 世 纪 末 叶 扩展 至 其 他 欧洲 国家 ，16 世 纪 达 到 顶峰 。 它 从 意识
形态 领域 各 方面 冲击 封建 教会 束缚 ， 提 出 并 建立 起 人 文 主义 世界 观 ， 即 反对 教会 的 “ 神 性 ” ， 肯 定 人 的
价值 和 尊严 。 这 是 一 段 科学 和 艺术 的 革命 和 变革 时 期 ， 这 一 时 期 的 绘画 艺术 受到 人 文 主义 思想 的 影响 ，
绘画 技法 得 以 创新 发 展 ， 艺 术 家 在 人 体 表现 、 景 深 、 色 彩 、 动 作 形 态 表现 以 及 形象 布局 等 诸多 方面 有 巨
大 的 发 现 和 创新 。

Masaccio (1401-1428) 马 萨 乔

马 萨 乔 是 意大利 文艺 复兴 时 期 的 重要 画家 。 他 的 一 生 虽 然 短 暂 ， 但 在 西方 美术 史上 却 占 有 重要 的 地
位 ， 他 在 画作 中 运用 了 透视 法 ， 极 大 地 提升 了 绘画 作品 的 真实 性 和 可 观赏 性 。

“透视 法 ”( the use of perspective ) 为 美术 理论 术语 ， 指 科学 地 利用 线条 或 色彩 在 平面 上 表现 立体
空间 的 方法 。 这 一 美术 理论 概念 是 文艺 复兴 的 产物 ， 马 萨 乔 在 其 画作 中 最 先 体现 这 种 透视 关系 ， 形 成 概
念 ， 后 经 达 . 芬 奇 等 画家 发 展 完善 ， 形 成 完整 的 理论 体系 。

Influential painters such as Leonardo da Vinci (1452-1519), Michelangelo (1475-
1564), and Raphael (1483-1520) built upon Giotto and Masaccio’s innovations to
produce some of the greatest art that Europe had ever seen. 一 些 颇具 影响 力 的 画家 ， 例
如 莱 昂 纳 多 . 达 ' 芬 奇 、 米 开朗 基 罗 和 拉 斐 尔 ， 在 乔 托 和 马 萨 乔 的 创新 基础 上 继续 发 展 ， 创 作出 欧洲 前
所 未 见 的 一 些 最 伟大 的 艺术 作品 。

达 ' 芬 奇 、 米 开朗 基 罗 和 拉 斐 尔 是 文艺 复兴 时 期 三 位 最 为 杰出 的 美术 家 ， 在 西方 美术 史上 是 划时代
的 里 程 碑 式 人 物 ， 有 “文艺 复兴 美术 三 杰 ” 之 称 。

达 ' 芬 奇 ， 意 大 利 艺术 家 、 学 者 、 发 明 家 。 他 自 幼 刻苦 钻研 科学 ， 在 天 文 、 地 理 、 力 学 、 数 学 、 解
一 - a Notes

剖 学 、 植 物 学 等 领域 成 就 卓著 ， 在 技术 方面 也 有 许多 重大 发 明和 革新 。 达 ' 芬 奇 是 一 位 博学 全 才 ， 尤 以
在 艺术 领域 的 贡献 最 为 突出 ， 他 建立 了 完整 的 绘画 理论 ， 其 画作 如 《最 后 的 晚餐 》( The Last Supper)、
《 蒙 娜 丽 莎 》( Mona Lisa) 等 ， 居 意大利 文艺 复兴 时 期 最 优秀 的 艺术 作品 之 列 。

米 开 朗 基 罗 ， 意 大 利 有 雕塑 家 、 画 家 、 建 筑 家 、 诗 人 。 他 所 塑造 的 人 物 形象 具有 力量 和 健美 完美 结
合 的 特点 ， 表 现 出 雄浑 壮 伟 的 英雄 精神 。 他 的 艺术 作品 ， 如 《大 卫 》( Davia ) 雕像 、 西 斯 廷 礼拜 堂 的 壁
画 ， 鲜 明 地 体现 了 人 文 主义 思想 和 现实 主义 与 浪漫 主义 相 结 合 的 特征 ， 是 意大利 文艺 复兴 易 盛 时 期 的 代
表 作 。

拉 斐 尔 ， 意 大 利 画 家 。 他 绘 有 大 量 壁 画 ， 擅 长 塑造 圣母 形象 。 他 的 画作 ， 如 《 雅 典 学 院 》( School
of Athens )， 表 现 出 纯真 优美 、 庄 重 自然 、 明 快 清晰 、 和 谐 简洁 的 古典 美术 品质 。 他 优雅 的 人 物 描绘 和
画面 构图 技巧 一 直 影 响 到 20 世 纪 初 期 的 艺术 家 。

While painters as early as Da Vinci had used oil, this technique reached its height
with Rembrandt (1606-1669), who gained a reputation as a master of shadow and
light. 尽管 早 在 达 - 芬 奇 时 代 一 些 画家 就 使 用 油彩 绘画 ， 但 伦 勃 朗 使 得 这 种 技艺 达到 顶峰 ， 他 拥有 “ 光
影 大 师 ” 的 雅称 。

此 名 while 为 “尽管 ; 虽然 ”之 意 ， 相 当 于 although， 引 导 让 步 状语 从 句 ， 是 连词 while 的 基本 用 法 之
一 。 例 如 :

While | like you personally, | don’t think you are doing the right thing this time. 尽管 我 喜欢 你 ， 但 我 认为 这
一 次 你 做 得 不 对 。

While the news, so far, has been good, there may be days ahead when it is bad. 虽然 到 目前 为 止 好 消息 不
断 ， 但 未 来 的 日 子 里 或 许 会 有 坏 消 息 。

伦 勃 朗 ， 荷 兰 画 家 ， 是 欧洲 17 世 纪 最 伟大 的 艺术 家 之 一 。 他 擅 画 肖像 、 人 物 风 俗 、 宗 教 历史 题材 画
作 。 伦 勃 朗 擅长 灵活 独到 地 处 理 复杂 画面 中 的 明暗 光线 对 比 ， 用 光线 强化 画 中 的 主要 部 分 ， 也 让 暗部 去 弱
化 和 消融 次 要 因素 ， 从 而 令 画 作 传递 出 强烈 的 戏剧 效应 ， 形 成 独 具 个 性 的 画 风 。 其 代表 作 有 《 夜 巡 》( The
Night Watch ) 等 。

Impressionism 印象 主义 (HK)

印象 主义 ， 兴 起 于 19 世 纪 60 年 代 的 法 国 ， 是 西方 绘画 史 中 的 重要 艺术 潮流 运动 ， 也 被 视 为 一 个 独立
的 绘画 流派 。 画 家 们 受 当时 不 断 进步 的 光学 理论 和 其 他 科学 领域 的 启发 ， 在 用 色 上 突出 光线 的 反差 对 比 ，
注重 绘画 中 光线 明暗 的 表现 和 创新 尝试。 这 一 流派 的 典型 特点 是 画作 个 性 鲜明 ， 从 自然 取材 ， 重 要 的 不 是
表现 主题 ， 而 是 力求 再 现在 一 瞬间 光 从 物体 表面 反射 到 眼睛 的 实际 印象 。 这 一 流派 的 代表 人 物 有 莫 奈 、 雷
ab], Ba. HS. MES.

RA (1840 一 1926)， 法 国画 家 ， 西 方 绘画 印象 派 的 创始 人 和 领袖， 也 是 印象 主义 艺术 大 师 中 最 具 影响
力 的 人 物 。 他 擅长 光影 表现 技法 ， 他 用 光影 和 色彩 描绘 出 自己 时 代 世 界 的 迷 幻 和 浪漫 ， 创 作出 一 系列 色调
丰富 、 观 察 力 新 颖 、 富 有 人 生 乐趣 的 风景 画 。 其 代表 作 有 《印象 A) (Impression, Sunrise ) 《 圣 拉 查
尔 火 车 站 》( La Gare Saint-Lazare ) (FE) ( Water Lilies ) 等 。

雷诺 阿 (1841 一 1919)， 法 国 印象 派 重要 的 代表 人 物 。 除 一 些 风景 画作 外 ， 雷 诺 阿 以 描绘 人 物 著称 ， 尤
其 是 女性 和 孩童 。 他 的 画作 多 以 阳光 和 鲜亮 的 色彩 给 观 者 带 来 愉悦 的 感受 ， 向 人 们 展现 着 世间 美景 和 人
间 的 友善 和 温暖 。 他 的 代表 作 有 《船上 的 午餐 》( Luncheon of the Boating Party ) 《煎饼 磨坊 的 舞会 》
( Dance at the Moulin De La Galette ) 等 。

impressionism —ia] A impression 和 后 缀 -mm 构成 。 名 词 后 缀 -sm 相当 于 汉语 的 “主义 ; ie; 说 ; 派 ;
性 ” 。 例 如 : capitalism 资本 主义 、modernism 现 代 派 、humanism 人 性 等 。

【 思考 】 你 还 知道 哪些 带 有 后 缀 -em HA? 它们 分 别 表示 什么 意思 ?

97
Appendices — oo _ _

9 ink wash animation film 水 墨 动 画 电 影 (水 墨 动 画 片 )

水 墨 动画 片 是 我 国 艺术 家 和 电影 制作 者 共同 努力 ， 将 国画 传统 绘画 技艺 与 现代 动画 电影 形式 相 结合 的
创举 ， 在 我 国 乃 至 世界 美术 及 影视 艺术 领域 都 具有 划时代 的 意义 。 这 个 动画 艺术 新 品种 诞生 于 上 世纪 60 年
代 初 期 ， 上 海 美 术 电影 制 片 厂 经 过 一 年 多 的 精心 努力 ， 制 作 完成 世界 第 一 部 水 墨 动画 片 《小 师 昱 找 妈 妈 》》，
该 片 根据 方 惠珍 、 盛 璐 德 的 同名 童话 改编 ， 取 材 于 国画 大 师 齐 白石 绘画 的 鱼 、 虾 等 形象 。 影 片 获得 国内 外
一 致 好 评 ， 成 为 我 国 动画 电影 的 里 程 碑 。 该 厂 后 续 还 制作 了 《 牧 币 》 光 山水 情 》 等 水 墨 动 画 电 影 ， 获 得 国
内 外 广泛 赞誉 。

10 Also of primary note is a collection of nearly 100 bronze objects from the Shang
Dynasty (1600 BCE-1046 BCE). 同样 十 分 重要 的 (4a) 是 一 组 近 百 件 商 代 青铜 器 藏品 。

of note 是 习 语 。 如 果 人 们 说 某 人 或 事 “of note”， 则 是 表达 此 人 或 此 事 十 分 “重要 ;有趣 ”或 是 “ 值
得 关注 ; 值得 一 提 ”。 例 如 :

Nothing of note happened that day 那天 没什么 重要 的 事 发 生 。

He had already designed some buildings of note by then. 那 时 他 已 经 设计 出 一 些 颇具 影响 力 的 建筑 物 了 。

1

_

This is just a small taste of what is in store for you in this exhibition. 这 只 是 该 展览 供 您
参观 的 一 小 部 分 。

tah, tastes “Bb; BS; 体验 ”的 含义 。taste 作 这 种 用 法 时 ， 经 常用 作 单数 ， 形 成 较为 固定 的 短
语 ataste of。 例 如 :

The trio aims to provide the children with a taste of the countryside first-hand. 这 次 旅行 虽 在 让 孩子 们 亲身
感受 一 下 乡村 。

This became his first taste of acting for the big screen. 这 成 为 他 登 上 大 银幕 的 初次 演出 体验 。

名 的 in store (for somebody) 是 习 语 ， 表 示 “ 某 事 即将 发 生 ”， 英 语 相当 于 “aboutto happen”。 例 如 :
Who knows what lies in store for us? 谁 知道 前 面 有 什么 等 着 我 们 呢 ?
There is a real treat in store for everyone this weekend! 这 个 周末 有 好 事 等 着 大 家 呢 !

Unit 2

1 For example, some of them may become involved in tobacco or alcohol abuse, which
can lead to physical and mental health problems. 例如 ， 有 些 青少年 会 沉溺 于 烟 酒 不 能 自拔，
造成 生理 和 心理 健康 问题 。

tobacco or alcohol abuse 意 为 “过 度 吸 烟 或 饮酒 ” 。abuse 此 处 意 为 “( 无 节制 的 ) 小 用; BR”,
既 可 以 用 作 名 词 又 可 以 用 作 动词 。 例 如 : the abuse of power 滥 用 权力 、abuse one’s position to do sth
滥用 职权 做 某 事 。 再 如 :

The leader has been arrested for the abuse of power. 这 位 领导 人 因 滥 用 权力 而 被 捕 。

She abused her position as principal by giving jobs to her friends. 她 滥用 校长 职权 ， 把 工作 安排 给
她 的 朋友 们 。

abuseiRA “Es” ZR, FRAME, WM:

Measures have to be taken to stop animal abuse. 必须 采取 措施 禁止 虐待 动物 。

2 There is a famous saying based on the philosophy of Aristotle: “We are what we
repeatedly do.” 有 一 条 基于 亚 里 士 多 德 哲学 思想 的 著名 谚语 说 道 :“ 重 复 的 行为 造就 了 我 们 。

亚 里 土 多 德 ( Aristotle )， 古 希腊 人 ， 世 界 古代 史上 伟大 的 哲学 家 、 科 学 家 和 教育 家 ， 堪 称 希 腊 哲学
的 集大成 者 。 他 是 柏拉图 的 学 生 。 他 有 一 句 名 言 :“ 香 爱 吾 师 ， 吾 更 爱 真理 。”

To facilitate a positive change in our bad babits, we must first examine our bad habit
cycles and then try to adapt them. 想 要 促使 不 良 习惯 朝 着 积极 的 方向 转化 ， 我 们 必须 首先 审视 自
己 的 坏 习惯 循环 ， 然 后 尽力 去 调整 。

文中 adapt 和 adjust 都 可 以 表示 “调整 ; 使 适应 ”的 意思 ， 常 见 用 法 为 adaptadjust sth to do sth.
如 :

It may be necessary to adjust/adapt your ideal to make it more practical. 你 需要 调整 你 的 理想 ， 让
它 更 实际 。

而 adapt/adjust to sth 的 用 法 表示 “适应 ( MR, eH)”. WO:

It certainly takes time to adjust/adapt to new rules. 适应 新 规则 当然 需要 时 间 。

I feel more dynamic and stronger than ever, in both body and mind. 我 感到 身体 和 精神 都 比
以 前 更 富 活力 ， 更 加 强健 。

After six months of trying out new ways of relaxing, | feel much more energetic. 用 了 六 个
月 尝试 新 的 放松 方式 后 ， 我 感到 精力 充沛 多 了 。

dynamic 和 energetic 都 可 以 形容 人 有 活力 ， 但 前 者 更 强调 精神 上 “有 活力 、 有 思想 、 有 创意 ”， 而
后 者 更 强调 体力 上 “精力 充沛 ” 。dynamic 还 可 以 表达 某 物 、 某 地 、 某 种 关系 有 活力 。 如 :

lam very happy to join this young and dynamic team. 我 非常 高 兴 加 入 这 个 年 轻 、 有 活力 的 团队 。

The dynamic economy in this region has greatly improved people’s living standard. 这 个 地 区 活跃 的
经 济 极 大 地 提高 了 人 民 的 生活 水 平 。

Once she steps on stage, she becomes extremely energetic. 她 一 站 上 和 舞 合 ， 就 变 得 活力 四 射 。

另外 ，dynamic 还 常 可 以 表达 “动态 的 ”含义 。 如 :

The policy-making process is dynamic and flexible. 决策 过 程 是 动态 和 灵活 的 。

Now my dad and | go rock climbing together monthly! 现在 我 和 爸爸 每 个 月 都 一 块 去 攀岩 。

monthly 是 由 名 词 month 和 后 缀 浆 构 成 ， 在 此 处 是 副词 ， 意 思 是 “每 月 " 。monthly 有 多 种 词性 ，
可 以 用 作 副 词 ， 也 可 以 用 作 形 容 词 ( “每 月 的 ， 如 : monthly pay 月 薪 ) 和 名 词 (“ 月 刊 ”)。 类 似 的 词 还
有 : daily, weekly.

【 思考 】 你 还 知道 哪些 “名 词 + -多 ”的 单词 ， 它 们 的 词性 是 什么 ? 表达 什么 意义 ?

As Gandhi said, “Be the change you want to see in the world.” 正 如 甘地 所 说 ,“ 和 欲 变 世 界 ， 先
变 其 身 。

甘地 ( 1869 一 1948 )， 印 度 现 代 民 族 解放 运动 的 著名 领袖 ， 也 是 印度 伟大 的 民族 英雄 。 以 倡导 非 暴

力 不 合 作 运动 闻名 于 世 ， 不 仅 激 励 了 印度 人 民 奋 起 争取 民族 解放 ， 也 鼓舞 了 其 他 殖民 地 国家 的 人 民 争 取
民族 独立 、 民 权 和 自由 。 甘 地 一 生 著述 颇 丰 ， 他 的 很 多 观点 富 含 哲理 。

Unit 3

greenhouse effect 温室 效应

由 于 地 球 大 气 的 作用 很 像 是 一 个 玻璃 或 塑料 温室 的 屋顶 和 墙 ， 温 室 效应 因此 而 得 名 。 地 球 的 大 气
允许 大 量 阳光 通过 并 加 热 地面 。 地 球 以 红外 辐射 的 形式 发 射 热能 返回 大 气 中 。 由 于 大 气 中 某 些 气体 能
吸收 它 ， 许 多 辐射 热能 不 能 自由 进入 太空 ， 它 们 变 得 温暖 并 发 射 红外 辐射 返回 地 球 ， 再 次 使 地 表 变
暖 。 这 些 气体 被 称 为 “温室 气体 ”， 主 要 包括 水 汽 ( water vapor )、 二 氧化 碳 ( carbon dioxide )、 甲 烷
(methane) 等 。 它 们 的 作用 是 使 地 球 表面 变 得 更 暖 ， 类 似 于 温室 截留 太阳 辐射 ， 并 加 热 温 室内 空气 。

—-= - —<——— =e — Notes

99

Appendices 一 一

2 Previously, water quality in the Li River had suffered greatly from an increasing
volume of tourists, many of whom frequently threw garbage into the river. iz, 7%
江 的 水 质 因 游客 量 的 增长 遭 到 了 严重 破坏 ， 一 些 游客 频繁 将 垃圾 扔 入 江 中 。

volume 作为 名 词 ， 常 用 来 表达 “数量 ”意义 ， 其 数量 概念 大 多 与 体积 、 容 积 有 关 ; 也 与 整个 物体
的 移动 过 程 有 关 ， 常 表达 流量 、 吞 吐 量 、 消 耗 量 、 工 作 量 等 ， 例 如 the volume of rain water, so much
volume of traffic, the volume of work 等 。 再 如 ;

We have been so surprised by the volume of rain water this summer, which has been much more
than when we first moved here. 我 们 对 今年 夏天 的 降雨 量 感到 很 吃惊 ，( 今年 的 雨量 ) 可 比 我 们 刚 搬 到
这 里 时 大 多 了 。

How can the city government control such a large volume of traffic? 市 政府 怎样 才能 控制 这 么 大 的
交通 流量 ?

volume、quantity 和 amount 都 可 以 表示 “数量 ”概念 ， 但 三 者 在 实际 的 使 用 中 略 有 差别 。quantity
表达 “数量 ; 数额 ”等 含义 时 ， 用 以 说 明 事物 “多 少 ” 的 问题 ， 常 和 large、enormous、high 以 及
small、limited、minimum 等 程度 形容 词 连用 组 成 短语 。 这 种 表达 数量 的 短语 既 可 以 修饰 可 数 名 词 也 可
以 修饰 不 可 数 名 词 ， 例 如 : alarge quantity of water、a limited quantity of services 等 。amount 可 以 用 作
Mid, BA “Bit; Hit’; 也 可 以 作 名 词 ， 用 来 表达 “总 量 ”或 “数量 ”之 意义 ， 常 用 来 修饰 不 可 数
名 词 。 例 如 : the amount of money, a massive amount of time, huge amount of food, the amount of
your investment. #40:

All enrolled students can have access to a large quantity of books in the library. 所 有 注册 的 学 生 都 能
接触 到 图 书馆 里 大 量 的 书籍 。

We guarantee to return the original amount of your investment if everything goes well. 如 果 一 切 顺

利 ， 我 保证 还 你 投资 的 本 金 。

3 Water Ten Plan 水 十 条

全 称 为 《水 污染 防治 行动 计划 》， 最 早 叫 “ 水 计划 ”， 因 为 要 与 已 经 出 全 的 “大 气 十 条 ”相对 应 ，
改 为 “水 十 条 ”。 由 环保 部 所 属 环境 保护 部 环境 规划 院 牵头 编制 ，2015 年 2 月 中 央 政 治 局 常务 委员 会 会
议 审议 通过 ，4 月 16 日 正式 发 布 。“ 水 十 条 ” 则 在 通过 在 污水 处 理 、 工 业 废 水 、 全 面 控制 污染 物 排放 等
多 方面 进行 强力 监管 和 启动 严格 的 问 责 制 ， 改 善 全 国 水 环境 质量 ， 实 现 生 态 系统 的 良性 循环 。

4 River Chief System 河 长 制

河 长 制 ， 即 由 中 国 各 级 党 政 主要 负责 人 担任 “ 河 长 ”， 负 责 组 织 领导 相应 河 湖 的 管理 和 保护 工作 。
河 长 制 经 水 利 部 推广 已 经 在 全 国 许多 省 市 落地 。 河 长 制 的 推行 使 诸多 地 区 的 水 环境 得 到 了 明显 改善 ， 给
严峻 而 复杂 的 水 环境 治理 带 来 了 曙光 。

5 In addition, the ambitious “Water Ten Plan is also now tackling water pollution
across the country. Other initiatives, such as the “River Chief System’ , hold senior
officials responsible for reducing water pollution. With such campaigns in effect,
China’s waterways are heading towards a clean and sustainable future. 另外 ， 水 十 条 ”
的 宏伟 规划 则 是 为 了 治理 整个 国家 的 水 污染 问题 。 例 如 “ 河 长 制 ” 这 样 的 举措 ， 还 将 减少 水 污染 作为 高
级 官员 的 责任 。 实 际 上 ， 随 着 这 些 行动 (的 展开 ) ， 中 国 的 水 资源 正 朝 着 洁净 的 、 可 持续 发 展 的 未 来 迈进 。

这 一 段 话 先后 出 现 了 三 个 表述 “计划 ”或 “方案 ”的 词 : plan、initiative、campaign。plan 一 词 可 以 理
A “Stk; 条 目 ”; initiative 一 词 可 以 理解 为 “新 方案 ; 倡议 " ; 而 campaign 则 可 以 理解 为 “运动 ; Aah”
等 含义 。 三 个 不 同 的 词语 使 用 不 仅 可 以 增强 表达 的 丰富 性 ， 而 且 可 以 使 句子 衔接 更 为 紧密 。

【 思考 】 你 能 根据 这 三 个 词 的 不 同 含义 分 别 写 出 不 同 的 句子 吗 ?

100
Unit 4

A SUCCESSFUL FAILURE 一 次 成 功 的 失败

这 个 标题 使 用 了 矛盾 修辞 法 ( Oxymoron )， 这 种 修辞 手法 是 将 两 个 意义 上 相互 矛盾 或 排斥 的 词 放 在
一 起 使 用 ， 以 表面 上 不 协调 的 搭配 造成 某 种 特殊 的 表达 效果 。 又 如 :

No light, but rather darkness visible. 与 其 说 是 亮光 ， 不 如 说 是 能 看 得 见 的 黑暗 。

The state of this house is a cheerless welcome. 房子 里 是 一 种 冷清 的 欢迎 气氛 。

Perce Blackborow joined an expedition with Sir Ernest Shackleton to Antarctica on
the ship Endurance in 1914. 3A - HERS F 19146 FMA RAMS SERB IN “HER”
号 南极 探险 之 旅 。

Perce Blackborow 珀 西 : 布莱克 博 罗 ( 1896 一 1949 )， 威 尔 士 水 手 。 他 因 在 “坚忍 ”号 船上 的 服务 表
现 获得 了 “青铜 极地 勋章 ”( Bronze Polar Medal )。

Ernest Shackleton 欧 内 斯 特 . 沙 克 尔 顿 ( 1874 一 1922 )， 英 国 极地 探险 家 ， 曾 带领 英国 探险 队 三 次 前
往 南 极 洲 ， 是 南极 探险 英雄 时 代 的 主要 人 物 之 一 。 课 文 内 容 描述 的 就 是 他 第 三 次 带领 探险 队 赴 南极 探险
( 1914 一 1917 ) 的 故事 ， 虽 然 最 终 没 有 到 达 原 定 的 目标 ， 但 是 沙 克 尔 顿 与 “坚忍 ”号 船员 们 在 极地 700 多
天 的 求生 经 历 ， 创 造 了 20 世 纪 一 次 伟大 的 生还 奇迹 。 这 一 真实 的 探险 故事 ， 不 仅 催生 出 不 少 相关 的 文学
作品 ， 还 被 拍摄 成 纪录 片 和 电影 。 同 时 ， 沙 克 尔 顿 作为 领导 者 的 智慧 和 才能 ， 常 被 各 类 经 营 管理 类 课程
与 书籍 列 为 经 典 案例 。

The ice froze around us and we were well and truly stuck! 冰 把 我 们 周围 都 东 住 了 ， 我 们
彻底 被 卡 住 了 !

well and truly 意 为 “完全 地 ; 彻底 地 ”。 例 如 :

The party was well and truly over by the time he arrived. 他 赶 到 时 聚会 已 经 完全 结束 。

I'd rather not make any big purchases until we are well and truly out of debt. 在 我 们 完全 摆脱 债务 之
前 ， 我 宁愿 不 买 任何 大 件 东西 。

“Hold on now, Perce. Don’t you go turning into another Tom,’ came the reply. 传 来 一
声 回答 : “要 坚持 住 啊 ， 珀 西 。 你 可 不 要 变 成 另 一 个 汤姆 。

hold on 可 以 表示 “等 一 等 ; 坚持 住 ; 继续 " 。 例 如 :

Hold on. I'll be ready in just a moment. 稍 等 ， 我 马上 就 好 。

We just had to hold on until help arrived. 我 们 必须 坚持 住 直到 救援 到 来 。

We've got to go now. We can’t hold on any longer. 我 们 得 离开 了 ， 不 能 再 等 了 。

Now hold on, Ed, that wasn’t what we agreed at alll 你 等 一 下 ， 艾 德 ， 咱 们 说 好 的 可 不 是 这 样 的 !

此 处 的 Don't you go … 是 一 个 祈 使 句 ， 意 思 是 “你 可 不 要 ……”。 其 后 的 came the reply 是 倒 装 句 ，
这 种 倒 装 句 式 常 出 现在 描绘 人 物 对 话 的 情节 中 ， 尤 其 是 在 文学 作品 中 ， 其 目的 是 为 了 使 叙述 更 加 连贯 、
生动 。 例 如

“You are very much older than | am,” said Winston. 温 斯 顿 说 :“ 你 比 我 年 长 多 了 。?

There was nothing like a good dinner and some music to cheer us up. 没有 什么 比 得 上
一 顿 好 饭 和 一 点 儿 音乐 能 让 我 们 振作 起 来 了 。

there is/was nothing like … 是 用 来 表达 赞美 的 常见 句 型 ， 意 思 是 “没有 什么 比 …… 更 ……”。 例 如 :
There's nothing like a holiday to make one feel relaxed. 没有 什么 比 得 上 假期 更 让 人 放松 的 了 。

【 思考 】 你 还 学 过 哪些 与 nothing 相关 的 常用 短语 或 句 型 吗 ? 请 举例 说 明 。

= - Notes

101
Appendices rs So 加

§ Unit 5

1 The distinctive characteristics of poetry often include economical use of words,
descriptive and vivid language, integrated imagery, literary devices such as similes
and metaphors, and arrangement of words, lines, rhymes, and rhythm. 诗歌 的 显著 特点
通常 包括 : 用 词 简洁 ; 语言 描述 生动 、 形 象 ; 具备 整合 的 意象 ; 使 用 明 喻 和 暗喻 等 文学 手法 ; 词 、 行 、 韵 、
节奏 等 编排 有 序 。

诗歌 ( poetry) 是 依照 一 定 的 节奏 、 音 调 、 韵 律 要 求 ， 以 强烈 而 真挚 的 情感 ， 凝 练 、 形 象 的 语言 来
表达 和 反映 人 的 精神 世界 和 社会 生活 的 一 种 文学 形式 。

2 different forms of poetry 不 同 种 类 的 诗歌

nursery rhymes 儿歌 或 童 证 ， 由 历代 儿童 传承 下 来 的 传统 韵文 或 儿歌 ， 在 美国 通常 被 称 为 “ 鹅 妈
妈 儿 歌 ” 。 常 见 的 儿歌 类 型 有 摇篮 曲 ( 催眠 曲 )、 玩 村 儿歌 、 数 目 儿 歌 、 历 史 事件 或 人 物 为 题材 的 儿歌 、
谜语 等 。 儿 歌 的 特点 是 形式 短小 、 语 言 通俗 易 懂 、 节 奏 明 快 、 韵 律 响亮 。

cinquain 五 行 诗 ， 指 由 五 个 诗 行 组 成 的 诗歌 形式 。

Haiku 佛 句 是 日 本 诗歌 的 一 种 形式 ， 是 最 短 的 抒情 诗 之 一 。 侍 句 由 三 行 17 个 音节 组 成 : 第 一 行 5 个
音节 ， 第 二 行 7 个 音节 ， 第 三 行 5 个 音节 。 佛 句 中 要 有 一 个 “ 季 语 ”。 所 谓 季 语 是 指 用 以 表示 春 、 夏 、
秋 、 冬 及 新 年 的 季节 用 语 。

blank verse 无 韵 诗 ， 指 不 押韵 的 抑 扬 格 五 音 步 诗 。

free verse 自由 诗 ， 指 没有 格律 和 没有 押韵 格式 的 诗 。

sonnet 十 四 行 诗 ， 指 用 几 种 规定 韵 式 所 写 的 由 14 行 组 成 的 诗 。 意 大 利 十 四 行 诗 也 称 为 皮特 拉克
十 四 行 诗 ， 一 般 韵 式 为 : abbaabba cdecde 或 abbaabba cdcdcd ; 英国 十 四 行 诗 也 叫 莎 士 比 亚 十 四 行
诗 ， 韵 式 是 abab cdcd efef gg.

【 思考 】 你 还 知道 其 他 常见 的 英文 诗歌 类 型 吗 ? 请 通过 网 络 搜索 找到 答案 。

3 The language of these rhymes, like Poem A, is to the point but has a storyline. 这 些 童
谣 (如 诗歌 A) 的 语言 简单 明了 ， 但 带 有 故事 情节 。

tothe point 是 习 语 ， 意 思 是 “简明 恰当 ; 简洁 中 肯 ”。 例 如 :

| think his advice is very much to the point. 我 认为 他 的 建议 很 中 肯 。

We don’t have much time left, so please make sure your comments are brief and to the point. 我们
剩 下 的 时 间 不 多 了 ， 所 以 请 务必 简明 扼要 地 陈述 你 的 意见 。

4 Alot of Tang poetry has been translated into English, such as this one (F). 有 许多 唐诗 被
翻译 成 英文 ， 比 如 这 一 首 诗 ( F )。

望 夫 石
ze
望 夫 处 ， 江 悠悠 ，
化 为 石 ， 不 回头 。
山头 日 日 风 复 雨 ，
行人 归来 石 应 语 。

= (768-835), Sth, MUI ( 现 河南 省 许昌 市 ) 人 ， 唐 朝 诗人 。 出 身 寒 徽 ， 中 过 进士 ， 曾 一

102

度 从 军 ， 也 做 过 官 ， 晚 年 无 妻 无 子 ， 生 活 姜 苦 。 他 的 诗 题材 广泛 ， 思 想 深 刻 ， 多 反映 社会 生活 和 人 民 疾

苦 。 名 篇 有 《田家 行 》《 水 夫 谣 》《 羽 林 行 》《 射 虎 行 》《 古 从 军 》《 渡 辽 水 》《

Tagore 泰戈尔

家 留 客 》《 望 夫 石 》 等 。

拉 宾 德 拉 纳 特 ' 泰戈尔 ( Rabindranath Tagore ) ( 1861 一 1941 )， 印 度 孟 加 拉 语 作家 、 诗 人 、 哲 学

家 、 艺 术 家 、 社 会 活动 家 。 泰 戈 尔 从 15 岁

篇 小 说 、 近 100 篇 短篇 小 说 、40 多 部 剧本 、
等 。1913 年 获 诺 贝尔 文学 奖 。 泰 戈 尔 对 中

2,000 多 首 歌曲
国 怀 有 崇高 的 友

片 毒害 中 国人 民 的 罪行 。 他 还 择 击 和 斥责 日 本 军国 主义 侵

SH. 1924 FPR. PRAR BAL
《新 月 集 》《 飞 岛 集 》 等 在 我 国都 广 受 欢迎 。

始 文学 创作 ， 到 去 世 前 共 创作 了 50 多 部 诗集 、13 部 中 长
， 以 及 大 量 散文 、 随 笔 、 游 记 、 论 文 、 论 著
io 1820 岁 时 就 写 文 谴责 英国 对 中 国 倾销 鸦
赂 中 国 的 行动 ， 支 持 和 同情 中 国人 民 的 正义

他 ， 也 喜爱 他 的

Elizabeth Barrett Browning 布朗 宁 夫 人

伊丽莎白 -

fein. HR, (Sew

》《 园 丁 集 》

巴 雷 特 : 布朗 宁 ( 1806 一 1861 )， 英 国 女 诗 人 。 生 于 英格兰 达 勒 姆 附近 ， 卒 于 意大利 佛

罗 伦 萨 。15 岁 时 坠 马 受伤 ， 长 期 甲 病 ， 在 静养 中 博览 群 书 ， 并 从 事 诗歌 创作 。 1838 年 以 诗集 《天 使 及

其 他 诗歌 》 成 名 。 诗 人 罗伯特 ' 布朗 宁 莫 名 来 访 ， 与 之 相爱 ，

后 秘密 成 婚 ， 并 出 走 意大利 《葡萄 牙 人

的 十 四 行 诗集 》( Sonnets from the Portuguese ) ( 1850 ) 是 她 赠 给 丈夫 的 真挚 感人 的 爱情 诗 ， 诗 句 精
炼 ， 才 气 横 溢 ， 被 认为 是 19 世 纪 中 叶 英国 的 优秀 诗作 。

the Victorian era 维多利亚 时 代

维多利亚 时 代 指 英国 维多利亚 女王 ( 1819 一 1901 ) ( Alexandrina Victoria ) 的 统治 时 期 。 维 多 利 亚

女

是 英国 历

上 最 有 名 的 统治 者 之 一 ， 在 位 时 期 长 达 63 生

力 达到 顶峰 ， 并 对 外 扩张 ， 建 立 了 庞大 的 殖民 帝国 。

Langston Hughes 兰 斯 顿 . 休 斯

兰 斯 顿 . 休 斯 ( 1902 一 1967 )， 美

密苏里 州 的 乔 普 林 市 ， 亭 于 纽约 。1922 年 他 进入 哥 伦 比 3

洗衣 房 工 人 和 旅馆 侍者 ， 生 活 经 验 丰富 。
表 了 不 少 诗作 ， 参 加 哈 莱 姆 文艺 复兴 运 到

莱 姆 的 桂冠 诗人 ”。 他 的 创作 始终 围绕 黑人 ( 尤其 是 下 层 劳动 人 民 )
民主 的 追求 与 渴望 ， 表 达 对 种 族 歧 视 的 抗议 ;
国 与 非洲 黑人 诗歌 的 发 展 产生 了 积极 而 深远 的 影响 。 他 的 诗歌 从 黑人 民间 音乐 和 民歌 得 到 借鉴 ， 爵 士

与 辛酸 、 欢 乐 与 希望 ， 以 及 对 自由 、

F ( 1837 一 1901 )。 在 这 一 时 期 ， 英 国 的 国

黑人 诗人 、 小 说 家 、 社 会 活动 家 、 剧 作家 和 专栏 作家 。 他 生 于

大 学 学 习 ， 曾 当 过 水 手 、 看 门人 、 饭 馆 厨 师 、
在 此 期 间 ， 他 勤奋 写作 ， 在 《危机 》《 机 会 》 等 黑人 报刊 上 发
。 他 的 文学 作品 包括 多 种 体裁 ， 主 要 以 诗歌 闻名 ， 被 称 为 “ 哈

的 生活 而 展

， 倾 诉 了 他 们 的 苦难
因而 ， 他 的 诗歌 对 美

乐 的 韵律 和 节奏 ， 格 调 清新 ， 热 情 奔 放 。 休 斯 也 是 最 早 的 “下 士 诗歌 ”创作 者 之 一 。

【 思考 】 本 单元 所 涉及 的 诗人 很 多 ， 例 如 还 有 H. W. Longfellow, Kahlil Gibran, Robert Frost 等 , 他 们

来 自 哪个 国家 ? 写 过 哪些 脸 炙 人 口 的 诗作 ?

请 利

网 络 搜索 相关 信息 ， 分 享 你 最 喜爱 的 英文 诗歌 作品 。

Notes -

103
一 Appendices

104

Grammar 语法
| Infinitives 动词 不 定式 (2) (3)

动词 不 定式 ( Infinitives ) 是 重要 的 非 谓 语 动词 形式 之 一 ,由 “ (to ) + 动词 原形 ”构成 。 动 词 不 定式
有 动词 特征 ， 可 与 其 逻辑 主语 、 宾 语 、 状 语 等 一 起 构成 不 定式 短语 。 动 词 不 定式 在 句 中 的 位 置 灵活 、 句 法
功能 丰富 ， 可 充当 谓语 以 外 的 几乎 所 有 句子 成 分 。 除 前 面 学 过 的 不 定式 作 宾语 、 宾 补 、 定 语 、 状 语 等 用 法
外 ， 不 定式 在 句 中 还 可 以 用 作 主 语 和 表 语 。
1 不 定式 作 主语
(1) 用 作 主 语 的 动词 不 定式 及 其 短语 常 出 现在 谓语 动词 之 后 ， 这 时 需 在 句 首 用 形式 主语 it 指 代 它 。 例 如 :
As a chef, it was my duty to cook, so | tried to vary the meals in whatever way | could.
It was easy to imagine the danger ahead of them.
During this period, it can be easy for some teenagers to form bad habits.
(2) 不 定式 作 主语 位 于 句 首 常 出 现 于 正式 文体 中 。 例 如 ，
To help others gives a person satisfaction.
To prevent harmful habits like these from dominating a teenager’s life is essential.
To change bad habits is never easy, even with many attempts.
2 不 定式 作 表 语
Perhaps the best way to understand Western art is to look at the development of Western painting
over the centuries.
In this work, Monet’s aim was to convey the light and movement in the scene.
3 “疑问 词 + 不 定式 ”结构
动词 不 定式 可 与 疑问 词 when、where、how、what、which、who 等 组 合 ， 构 成 不 定式 短语 ， 在 句 中 主
要 用 作 主 语 、 宾 语 和 表 语 。
When to start has not been decided yet. ( 作 主 语 )
Do you know where to find Tom? ( 作 宾 语 )
My main concern is how to get there on time. ( 作 表 语 )

Il Direct Speech and Indirect Speech 直接 引 语 和 间接 引 语

引述 别人 的 话 有 两 种 方式 : 直接 引述 别人 的 原 话 ， 叫 直接 引 语 ( Direct Speech ) 。 用 自己 的 话 转述 别
人 的 话 ， 叫 间接 引 语 (Indirect Speech) 。 间 接 引 语 在 多 数 情 况 下 构成 宾语 从 句 。 直 接 引 语 一 般 前 后 要 加 引
号 ， 间 接 引 语 不 用 引号 。 例 如 :

John told her, “I’d like to see a movie now.”( 直接 引 语 ) 一

John told her that he would like to see a movie then. ( 间接 引 语 )
间接 引 语 比 直接 引 语 使 用 起 来 更 加 灵活 ， 而 且 还 可 以 达到 委婉 、 礼 貌 等 交际 目的 ， 因 此 在 语言 交际 中
间接 引 语 比 直接 引 语 更 加 常用 。 使 用 间接 引 语 时 ， 所 转述 的 信息 要 便于 听 者 理解 ， 这 就 要 求 说 话 人 根据 时
间 、 地 点 、 指 代 关系 等 语 境 因 素 的 变化 ， 对 直接 引 语 中 的 部 分 词语 在 语言 形式 上 进行 必要 的 变化 。 例 如 ，
The reporter asked, “Will polar bears die out because of climate change?"( 直接 引 语 ) 一
The reporter asked whether polar bears would die out because of climate change. ( 间接 引 语 )
使 用 间接 引 语 时 ， 英 语 和 汉语 既 有 相似 之 处 (WAR. MiB, HA. RIMES), ba
特点 ( 如 时 态 变 化 等 ) 。 例 如 :
He said, “I will go to see you at your home tomorrow.” 一
He said that he would come to see me at my home the next day.

The reporter asked, “How can we save polar bears from extinction?” >
The reporter asked how we could save polar bears from extinction.

一 Grammar

转述 祈 使 句 时 ， 要 根据 说 话 人 的 情感 和 语气 使 用 tell、ask、order、advise 等 动词 ， 再 把 祈 使 句 的 动词 原
形变 为 带 to 的 不 定式 。 如 果 祈 使 句 为 否定 式 ， 在 不 定式 前 加 not。 例 如 :

“Let’s work together to stop climate change,” the expert said. 一

The expert advised us to work together to stop climate change.

He said, “Don’t make so much noise, boys.” 一

He told the boys not to make so much noise.

lll Tenses 时 态 (4)

现在 完成 进行 时 (The Present Perfect Continuous Tense)

1 使 用 现在 完成 进行 时 的 句子 ， 谓 语 由 “have/has + been + doing” 构 成 。
现在 完成 进行 时 陈述 句 、 一 般 疑 问 句 和 简单 回答 如 表格 所 示 ( 以 动词 work 为 例 ) :

陈述 句 一 般 疑 问 名 简单 回答
IWe/YouThey have (not) Have I/we/you/they been Yes, |/we/you/they have.
been working ... working...? No, I/we/you/they haven't.
He/She/It has (not) been Has he/she/it been Yes, he/she/it has.
working ... working ...? No, he/she/it hasn't.

2 使 用 现在 完成 进行 时 的 句子 ， 表 达 的 是 谓语 动词 所 叙述 的 动作 行为 由 过 去 开始 ， 一 直 持续 到 说 话 之 时 且
有 可 能 还 在 继续 。 例 如 :
This is the adventure that | have been dreaming of.
We have been struggling for days, but things on Elephant Island are going from bad to worse.
The dog has been barking for about two hours. | really hope it will stop soon.
3 使 用 现在 完成 进行 时 的 句子 , 表意 上 需要 动作 行为 具有 延续 性 的 特点 。 因 此 , 某 些 不 具 延 续 性 含义 的 动词 ， |
如 come, go, marry, die, finish 等 ， 不 适用 于 现在 完成 进行 时 。

IV Relative Clauses 定语 从 名

定语 从 句 中 一 般 不 用 which 作 关 系 代 词 的 几 种 情况 :
1 当先 行 词 为 al、litle、much、few、every、everything、any、anything、no、nothing、none 等 不 定 代词
”或 由 它们 修饰 时 ， 关 系 代词 多 用 that 而 不 用 which. fils:
ls there anything (that) | can do for you?
All (that) | want is your advice.
There is nothing that can be done.
2 先行 词 前 有 序数 词 修饰 时 ， 关 系 词 通常 用 that 不 用 which。 例 如 :
The first thing (that) we need to do is to work out a plan.
3 先行 词 前 有 形容 词 最 高 级 修饰 时 ， 关 系 词 通常 用 that 不 用 which。 例 如 :
That was the best film (that) | have ever seen.
4 先行 词 前 有 the very, the only, the same, the right 等 修饰 时 ， 关 系 词 通常 用 that 不 用 which。 例 如
There were no trees growing on Antarctica and no oil, so the only fuel (that) we could use was animal fat.
5 442 which, who, what 开头 的 特殊 问 句 时 ， 引 导 定 语 从 句 的 关系 代词 一 般 用 that， 而 不 用
which。 例 如 :
What is the main environmental issue (that) you want to address?
Which of those books that are on the desk belongs to you?

105
Appendices

106

Words and Expressions in Each Unit
各 单元 生词 和 习惯 用 语

注 : 黑体 部 分 为 课 标 词 和 短语 ; 白 体 部 分 为 非 课 标 词 ; 专 有 名 词 在 每 单元 词 表 后 面 单 独 列 出 。

§ Unit 4

precise /pri'sais/ adj. 准确 的 ; 精确 的
precisely /prrsarsli/

adv. 准确 地 ;精确 地 ; 的 确 如 此
Christianity /krrsti'aenaeti/ n. 基督 教
realistic /ri:o'listrk/ adj. 现实 的 ; 逼真 的

realism /ri'eltzemy/ 7. 逼真 ; 现实 主义 ; 务实 作风
realist /‘ri:olist/

n. 现实 主义 画家 ( 或 作家 等 ); 现实 主义 者
primitive /‘primotrv/

adj. 发 展 水 平 低 的 ; 原始 的 ; 远古 的
n. 文艺 复兴 前 的 艺术 家 ( 或 作品 )
two-dimensional /,tu: dar'menfonl/ adj. 二 维 的
dimension /dai'menfn/ n. #; 规模 ;范围
in particular 尤其 ;特别
set apart from 使 与 众 不 同 ; 使 突出 ;使 优 于 ……
humanistic /,hju:mo'nisttk/ adj. 人 文 主义 的
humanity /hju:'menati/

n. Att; 人 道 ; ( 统称 ) 人 类
breakthrough /'bretkOru:/n. 重大 进展 ;突破
influential /mmflu'enfl/

adj. 有 很 大 影响 力 的 ， 有 支配 力 的
reputation /repju'terfn/ n. 名 誉 ; 名 声
noble /neubl/ .贵族 成 员 ; 出 身高 贵 的 人

adj. 崇高 的 ; 宏伟 的 ;高贵 的
rank /renk/ n. 地 位 ; 级 别 ; 行列
vt. & vi. FE ER; 使 排 成 行
purchase /'paitfos/ vt. 购买; 采购
n. 购买 ; 购买 的 东西
mythology /mr'@plod3i/ n. 神话 ;虚幻 的 想法
client /klarent/ n. BHA; SBA; 客户
photography /fo'togrofi/ n. RAB; 摄影
emerge /rma:d3/ vi. & vt. 出 现 ; 浮现 ;暴露
sunrise /'sanraiz/n. 日 出

convey /kan'ver/

vt. 表达 ; 传递 ( 思想 、 感 情 等 ); 传送
subjective /ssb'd5ektrv/ adj. 主观 的
outer /‘auta(r)/ adj. 外 表 的 ; 外 边 的 ; 外 围 的
subsequent /'sabsikwant/

adj. 随后 的 ; 后 来 的 ; 之 后 的
fond /fond/ adj. 喜爱

be fond of #2; BK
fine art (also fine arts) 美术 ( AHAB AAR )
sculpture /‘skalptfo(r)/ n. 雕像 ; BERG; BEAR

sculptor /'skalpta(r)/ n. 雕刻 家 ; 有 雕塑 家
visual /vrsusl/ adj. 视觉 的 ; 视力 的
water Lily /lliy n. 睡莲
pond /pond/ n. 池塘 ; 水 池
arched /a:tft/ adj. 拱 形 的 ; 弓形 的

arch /qtfy vt. & vi. SARS; ( 使 ) 成 弓形

n. 拱 ， 拱 形 结 构 ; 拱门

investment /in'vestmont/

n. 投资 额 ; 投资 ; ( 时 间 、 精 力 的 ) 投入
bride /braid/ n. #74
permanent /'ps:monont/

adj. KAM; 永恒 的 ; 长 久 的
memorial /mo'mo:rial/

n. 纪念 碑 ( 或 像 等 ); 纪念 物 ; 纪念 品

adj. 纪念 的 ; BSH
humble /‘hambl/ adj. #8; 虚心 的 ; 卑微 的
criticise (NAmE -ize] /'kritisarz/

vi. & vt. 批评 ; 指责 ; 评价

criticism /krrtrsrzemy n. 批评 指责 ; 评论
representative /,repri'zentotrv/

adj. 典型 的 ， 有 代表 性 的

n. 代表
ink /mky/ n. 墨水 ; 墨汁 ; 油墨
animation /anrmerfn/

n.( 电脑 、 录 像 ) 动画 制作 ; 动画 片

frame /fremm/n. 画面 ; 框架
vt. 给 …… 镶 框 ; 陷害
symphony /srmfani/ n. 交响 乐 ; 交响
decline /drklarm/
n. ( 数量 、 价 格 、 质 量 等 的 ) 减少 ; 下 降 ; 衰落
vi. & vt. wD; 下降 ; 衰落; 谢绝
exhibition /eksrbrfn/
n. 展览 ; ( 技能 、 感 情 或 行为 的 ) 表演
bronze /bronz/ n. 青铜 ; RABE
adj. 青铜 色 的 ; 深 红 褐色 的
ceramic /seramik/ n. 陶 资 制品 ; 制 陶艺 术
vase /va:z; NAmE vers; veIZ /n. 花瓶 ; 装饰 瓶
artistic /a:'tisttk/ adj. 艺术 的 ; 艺术 家 的
entry /‘entri/n. MA; 进入 ; 参与
civil /srvJy adj. BRM; 民用 的 ; 民事 的
recognition /reksgmrfn/ n. 承认 ; 认 出 ; 赞誉
Buddhist /budrst/ adj. 佛教 的
n. 佛教 徒
Buddhism /budrzemy/ n. 佛教
expansion /1k'spenfn/n. 扩张 ; 扩展 ; 扩大
bring ... to life 赋 子 …… 命 ; .使 …… 鲜 活 起 来
guarantee /,gzron'ti:/
vt. 保证 ;确保 ;肯定 …… 必 然 发 生
n. 保证 ; 保修 单 ; 担保 物
contemporary /ken'temprari/
adj. 当代 的 ; 现代 的 ; 属 同时 期 的
n. FARA; 同辈 人
worthy /ws:ai/ adj. 值得 …… 的 ; 有 价值 的
be worthy of 值得

The Middle Ages 中 世纪
Giotto di Bondone /dspteu di bpn dpne/
乔 托 . 迪 ' 邦 多 纳 (BAAR, WIR. BAM )
the Renaissance /ro'neisns; NAmE 'renasains/
文艺 复兴 ( 时 期 )
Masaccio /mo'sa:t{ou/ 马 萨 乔 ( 意大利 现实 主义 画家 )
Leonardo da Vinci /li:o'na:dou do 'vintf1/
RRAS -iK- HS ( 意大利 艺术 家 、 学 者 、 发 明 家 )
Michelangelo /,markol'and3olou/
米 开 朗 基 罗 ( 意大利 雕塑 家 、 画 家 、 建 筑 师 、
Raphael /raferel/ 拉 斐 尔 ( 意大利 画家 )
Rembrandt /rembrant/ 伦 勃 朗 ( 荷兰 画家 )
Impressionism /1m'prefonizom/
n. 印象 主义 ; 印象 派 ( 绘画 风格 )
Claude Monet /klo:d mpner/
RSE: BR ( 法 国 印象 派 画家 )

诗人 )

一 一 Words and Expressions in Each Unit

Renoir /‘renwa:/ 雷诺 阿 ( 法 国 印象 派 画家 )

Picasso /pr'kesou/ 毕加索 ( RET BA. RR )

Cubism /'kju:bizom/ 立体 主义 ; 立体 派

Giverny /d3i'veni/ 吉 维 尼 ( 法 国 小 镇 )

Tadpoles /taedpauls/ Searching for
Mother (i) $8845 )

The Cowboy's Flute /flu:t/ (#8)

Feeling from Mountain and Water
《山水 情 》

Clearing After Snow on a Mountain Pass
(H#XEZA) ( 明代 画家 唐寅 画作 )

fl Unit 2

tobacco /to'bekou/ n. AR; 烟叶
alcohol /elkehpl/ n. 酒 ; 酒精
abuse /o'bju:s/ 7. 滥用 ; 虐待 ; 辱骂
/atbju:z/ vt. 滥用 ;虐待 ; 辱骂
physical /fizikl adj. 身体 的 ;客观 存在 的 ; 物理 学 的
dominate /‘dommeit/ vt. 及 网 .支配 ; 控制 ; 占有 优势
repeatedly /rrpirtrdli/ adv. 重复 地
psychology /sarkplad5i/
noises; 心理 ; 心理 影响
cue /kju:/ n.d; 暗示; 信号
vt. (SA) 暗示 (或 提示 )
in response to 回答 ; 答复
reward /ri'wo:d/ n. 回报 ; 奖励 ; 报酬
vt. 奖励 ; RR; 给 以 报酬
rely /ri'lai/ vi. Roi; Hee; 信赖
rely on 依赖 ; 依靠 ;信赖
facilitate /fo'srlitert/ vt. (EXE; 促使 ;使 便利
examine /ig'zamrn/ vw. ( 仔细 ) 检查 ; 审查 ; 测验
negative /‘negotiv/ adj. 消极 的 ， BEM; 否定 的
escalator /'eskolerto(r)/ n. 自动 扶梯 ; 滚 梯
straight away 立即 ; 马上
pessimistic /,pesi'mistik/ adj. 悲观 的 ;悲观 主义 的
discipline /‘disoplin/ n. 自制 力 ; 纪律 ;学 科
vt, 自我 控制 ; 管教 ;处罚

pill /pil/n. 药丸 ; 药片

delete /dr'li:t/ v HA; MR

decide on RE; HE

make up one’s mind 下 定 决心

compose /kem'pauz/ vt. & vi. 组 成 ; 作曲 ; 撰写
be composed of 由 …… 组 成 ( 或 构成 ) 的

surgeon /'ss:dgon/ n. 外 科 医 生

surgery /'ss:dgari/ n. 外 科 手 术 ; 外 科学

107

——— Appendices 一 一 一

108

liberation /lbsrerfn/ n. ix; 摆脱
shave /ferv/ vi., vt. & n. #) ( 须发 ); 刊 脸

shave off ###; MA
beard /biod/ n. 胡须 ; 络 腮 胡子
disturb /di'sts:b/ vr. 打扰 ; 搅乱 ;使 烦恼
cigarette /siga'ret/ n. FIA; BIB
specialist /'spefolist/n. 专科 医生 ; ER
consultant /kon'saltont/ n. 顾问 ; 高 级 顾问 医师
drug /drag/n. BH; 药物
skip /skip/ vt. 跳 过 ; RSM; WBE

vi. 蹦 蹦跳 跳 地 走 ; 跳绳
7. 蹦跳
dizzy /drzi/ adj. 头晕 目眩 的
flu /fluy n. Fx
stimulate /'stimjulert/ vt. 激发 ;促进 ;刺激
dentist /dentrst /n. 牙科 医生
sugary /Jugseri/ adj. 含 糖 的 ; 甜 的
nut /At/ n. 坚果
skateboard /'skertbo:d/ n. 滑板
vi. BR

dynamic /dar'nemik/

adj. 充满 活力 的 ; 精力 充沛 的 ; 动态 的
stressed out 焦虑 不 安 ; DAH
worn out 筋疲力尽 的 ; 疲惫 的
bowling /bsulm/ n. 保龄球 运动
comedy /'komodi/n. 喜剧 ; 喜剧 片 ; 滑稽 节目
monthly /manbli/ adv. & adj. 每 月 ; 每 月 一 次 的 .

n. AFI

enhance /in'ha:ns; NAmE -'heens/ vt. 提高 ; 增强 ; 增进
refresh /ri'fref/ vt. 使 恢复 精力 ; 使 凉爽 ; 刷新
absorb /ab'so:b/ vt. 吸引 全 部 注意 力 ; 吸收

Aristotle /‘eristotl/ 亚 里 士 多 德 ( 古 希 腊 哲 学 家 )
People’s Liberation Army (PLA)

中 国人 民 解 放 军
Lao Zi 老子 ( 中

古代 哲学 家 )

WUnit 3

graph /gra:f/n. A; AR; 曲线 图
emission /i'mifn/ n. 排放 物 ; MRM; 排放
melt /melt/ vi. & vt. (使 ) 融化 ; 熔化 ; 软化
starve /sta:v/ vi. & vt. (使 ) #@1R; TRIE
seal /si:l/ n. 899

ecology /i'kolod3i/n. 生态 ; 生态 学

release /rrli's/ vt. & n. 排放 ; Bik; RA
methane /'mi:Oemn/ n. 甲烷 ;沼气
carbon /'ka:ban / 1. %
dioxide /dar'pksaid/ n. 二 氧化 物
carbon dioxide 二 氧化 碳
habitable /hebrtsbl/ adj. 适合 居住 的
sustain /se'stern/ vr. 维持 ; 遭受 ; KBE
sustainable /so'sternabl/
adj. 可 持续 的 ; 合理 利用 的
fossil /‘fosl/ n. 化 石
fuel /'fju:al/n. 燃料 ;刺激 性 言行
fossil fuel AMA ( 如 煤 或 石油 )
comprehensive /komprrhensrv/
adj. 全 部 的 ; 所 有 的 ; 详尽 的
worldwide /ws:ldward/
adv. 遍及 全 球 地
adj. 世界 各 地 的 ; 影响 全 世界 的
trend /trend/n. 趋势 ; 趋向 ;动向
frequently /‘fri:kwontli/ adv. 频繁 地 ;经常
broadcast /'bro:dka:st/
vt. & vi. ( broadcast, broadcast )
播送 ;广播 ; 传播
n. 广播 节目 ;电视 节目
policy /pplesi/ n. 政策 ;方针 ;原则
footprint /futprmt/
n. 足迹 ; ( 某 物 所 占 的 ) 空间 量 ; 面积
restrict /ri'strrkt/ vr. BRI; 限定 ; 束缚
restriction /r'strikfn/
n. 限制 规定 ; 限制 法 规 ， 约 束
seize /si:z/ vt. ME; FR; 控制
basin /bersn/ n. 流域 ; 盆地 ; 盆
penguin /'pengwin/ n. #8#8
reform /ri'form/ vi. & vt. 改革 ; (使 ) 改正 ; 改造
nS; RB; 改良
undergo /,anda'gau/ vz. ( underwent, undergone )
经 历 ; BR ( 变化 、 不 快 等 )
implement /rzmplrment/ vt. 使 生效 ;贯彻 ; 执行
harmonious /ha:'mounias/ adj. 和 谐 的
moderate /mpdasrst/ adj. 适度 的 ;中 等 的 ; 温和 的
vi. & vt. RA; 使 适中
submit /sob'mit/ vt. & vi. #232; £38; 屈服
annual /‘enjuol/ adj. 每 年 的 ; 一 年 的
n. FF); FE
tropical /'troprkl/ adj. 热带 的 ; 来 自 热带 的
chaos /kerps/ 7. 混乱 ; 杂乱 ;紊乱

on behalf /brha:f of 代表 ( 代替 ) SRA
nuclear /'nju:klio(r)/

adj. 原子 能 的 ; 核能 的 ; 原子 核 的
sensitive /'sensatrv/

adj. 敏感 的 ; 善 解 人 意 的 ; 灵敏 的
jungle /‘d3angl/ n. (热带 ) 丛林 ; 密林
smog /smpg/ n. 烟雾 ( 烟 与 雾 混合 的 空气 污染 物 )
originate /o'ridgimert/ vi. & ve. 起 源 ; 发源; 创立
volume /'volju:m/ n. 量 ; 体积 ; ( 成 套 书籍 中 的 ) 一 卷
garbage /‘ga:bid3/ n. 5k; 废物
enterprise /‘entopraiz/n. 公司 ; 企业 ; 事业
restore /ri'sto:(r)/ vt. RE; 使 复原 ; 修复
conservation /,konso'verfn/

n. Xt ( 环境 、 文 物 等 ) 保护 ; 保持
dozen /‘dazn/n. (一 ) 打 ; 十 二 个

dozens of 许多 ; 很 多
regulation /regju'lerfn/ n. 章程 ; 规章 制度
disposal /drspsuzl/ n. 去 掉 ; 清除 ; 处 理
inspection /mm'spekfn/ 7 检查 ; 查看 ;视察
fine /fain/ vt. 对 …… 处 以 罚款
campaign /kem'pein/ n. 运动 ; 战役

vik vt. 参加 运动 ; 领导 运动

waterway /'wo:tower/ 1. 7Ki8; 航道
tolerate /‘tolorert/ vt. 忍受 ; 包容 ; 容许
agenda /o'dzendo/ n. NHR; WHA

Norway /‘no:wer/ 挪威 ( 北欧 国家 )
Svalbard /'sva:lba:rd/ 斯 瓦尔 巴 群 岛 ( 挪威 )
Hurricane Katrina /ke'trima/

飓风 卡特 里 娜

中 Unit 4

adversity /ad'vs:seti/ n. 困境 ; 逆境
wage /we1d3/ n. 工资
bitter /'bito(r)/ adj. 严寒 的 ; 激烈 而 不 愉快 的 ; 味 苦 的
expedition /,ekspo'difn/ n. 探险 ; 远征 ;探险 队
endurance /in'djuarons/ n. 忍耐 力 ; 耐久 力
vigour (NAmE vigor) /‘viga(t)/

nH; 力量 ; 活力
turn sb down 拒绝 ( 某 人 )
qualified /kwplrfard/

adj. BABB; 具备 …… 的 知识 ( 或 技能 、 学 历 等 )
enthusiastic /1n,Oju:zi'estik/ adj. 热情 的 ;热心 的

Words and Expressions in Each Unit

aboard /s'bo:d/ adv. & prep. £ ( 船 .飞机 、 公 共 汽车 等 )
cupboard /‘kabod/ n. 橱柜 ; 壁橱 ; 衣柜
assign /a'sarn/ vt. 分派; HH; DEC
steward /'stju:od/
n. (#8. CRAKE EN) 乘务 员 ; 服务 员
envy /‘envi/ n. & vt. RH; PR
crush /kraf/ vt. BOR; 压 坏 ; 压 碎
n. 拥挤 的 人 群
sink /smk/ vi. ( sank /senk/ or sunk /sayk/, sunk )
沉没 ; 下 沉 ; 下 降
vt. 使 下 沉 ， 使 沉没
abandon /o'bendon/ vt. SF; MH; 放弃
stove /stouv/n. PA; 厨房 灶具
blanket /‘blenkit/ n. 毯子
belongings /br'loninz/n. [pl.] 财物 ; 动产
banjo /band5su/ n. HERS ( 乐器 )
miserable /'mizrobl/ adj. 痛苦 的 ; 令 人 难受 的
voyage /'vonds/ n. & vi. AiG; AMAT
navy /neivi/ n. 海军 ; 海军 部 队
decent /'di:snt/ adj. 相当 不 错 的 ; 正派 的 ; 得 体 的
cosy /'kouzi/ adj. mH; 舒适 的
selfish /'selfif/ adj. 自私 的
good/bad-tempered adj. 脾气 好 的 / 坏 的
genuine /‘dgenjumn/ adj. 真正 的 ; 真诚 的 ;可 信赖 的
perseverance /ps:STVIerens/
n. BA; 韧性， 不屈不挠 的 精神
persevere /,psist'vio(r)/ vi. 坚持 ， 和 孜孜 以 求
resolve /rzplv/
vi. & vt. RE; 决心 ; 解决 ( 问题 或 困难 )
n Rib; 坚定 的 信念
resolution /,rezo'lufn/n. RW; 解决; 坚定
crew /kru:/n. ( 轮船 、 飞 机 等 上 面 的 ) 全 体 工作 人 员 ;
专业 团队 ;一群 人
cruel /kru:sl/ adj. 残酷 的 ; 残忍 的 ; 冷酷 的
thorough /9Ars/ adj. 深入 的 ; 彻底 的 ; 细致 的
furniture /'fs:nitfa(r)/ 7 家具
unfortunately /an'fo:tfenotli/
adv, 不 幸 地 ; 遗憾 地
fortunately /‘fo:tfanotli/ adv. 幸运 地
bark /ba:k/ vi. & n. ( 狗 ) 喘 叫 ; PAA
rugby /‘ragbi/ n. 橄 棋 球 运动
bat /bet/n. BHA; 蝙蝠
vi. & vt. 用 球 板 击 球 ; FEIT; 拍打
damp /demp/ adj. 潮湿 的 ， 湿 气 重 的
recreation /,rekrierfn/ n. 娱乐 ; 消遣， 游戏

109

Appendices

110

guidance /gardns/ 7. 指导 ; 引导 ; 导航
nephew /nefju:/ n. EF; IME
advertising /‘edvotaizin/ n. 广告 活动 ; 广告 业
advertise /advetarz/
vwti.& vi. BH; 宣传 ; 做 广告

corporate /'ko:parot/ adj. 公司 的 ; 法 人 的 ; 社团 的

rough /raf/ adj. WH; AAS; 粗略 的
navigator /'‘nevigerta/

n. 领航 员 ; ( 飞机 、 船 舶 等 上 的 ) 航行 者
loyal /loral/ adj. 忠诚 的 ; 忠实 的
motor /masute(r)/ n. Rahal; 马达

adj. 有 引 警 的 ; 机 动车 的
candidate /‘kendidot/n. 候选 人 ;应试 者
make fire 生火
give off 放出 ( 热 、 光 、 气 味 或 气体 )
episode /'episaud/

n. ( 人 生 的 ) 一 段 经 历 ; ( 小 说 的 ) 片段 ; 插曲
commitment /ko'mitmont/ n. Kis; 保证 ;奉献
motive /‘moutiv/ n. 动机 ; BA; 目的
Confucianism /kon'fju:fanizm/

n. ALF Aik; HER ( 学 说 )

Ernest Shackleton /sinrst 'feeklton/
RARE + SER ( 英国 探险 家 )

Perce Blackborow /psis 'blak,borau/
SHA + 布莱克 博 罗 (“ 坚 忍 ”号 服务 员 )

Antarctica /en'ta:ktrko/ 南极 洲

the Antarctic /en'ta:ktik/ 南极 地 区

the South Pole 南极

South Georgia /'d3o:d30/ Island
南 乔治 亚 岛 ( 南极 洲 )

Frank Wild #32 - 怀 尔 德

Thomas Orde-Lees /'tomas o:d 'li:z/
托马斯 ， 奥 德 利 斯

Frank Worsley /wsisli/ 弗兰克 ARTF

Tom Crean /kri:n/ 348 + 326K

Hubert Hudson /hju:bot 'hadsn/
MATS + BERR

Lionel Greenstreet /larenl 'gri:n,stri:t/
莱 昂 内 尔格 林 斯 特 里 特

§ Unit 5

drama /'dra:mo/ n. %; Bl; 戏剧 艺术
sorrow /'sprau/ n. 悲伤 ;悲痛 ;伤心 事
vi. 感到 悲伤

imagery /‘imidgori/ n. 形象 的 描述 ， 意象 ; 像
literary /'Iiterori/

adj. 文学 的 ; 爱好 文学 的 有 文学 作品 特征 的
rhyme /raim/ n. 押韵 词 ， 押韵 的 短 诗

vi. & vt. (使 ) 押韵
rhythm /'ridom/ n. 节奏 ;韵律 ;规律
nursery/'nsisori/ adj. 幼儿 教育 的

n. 托儿所 ; 保育 室

nursery rhyme 童 证 ; 儿歌
folk /fauk/ adj. 民间 的 ; 民俗 的 ; 普通 百姓 的
mockingbird /mpkmbs:d/

n. WSS ( 美洲 鸣 禽 ， 能 模仿 别 种 鸟 的 鸣叫 )
diamond /‘datomond/ n. 钻石 ; SHIA; #72
brass /bra:s/ n. 黄 铜 ; 黄 铜 制品 ; 铜 管乐器
billy goat /bzli gaut/ n. 公 山 羊
bull /bul/ n. 公牛
recite /ri'sart/ ve. 背诵 ; 吟 诵 ; 列举
bee /bi:/ n. 蜜蜂
dewdrop /'dju:drop/ n. 露珠 ; 水 珠
dawn /do:n/ n. 黎明 ; 开端 ; 萌芽
clover/'klouva(r)/ n. =i
butterfly /bateflar n. 蝴蝶
lawn /lo:n/ n. 草坪， 草地
amateur /‘emata(r)/ n. 业余 爱好 者

adj. 业余 的 ; 业余 爱好 的
cinquain /sm kern/ n. 五 行 诗
be made up of 由 …… 组 成 ( 构成 )
mood /mu:d/ n. 情绪 ; 心情 ; 语气
tease /ti:z/ vi. & vt. 取笑 ( 某 人 ); WM; BH
haiku /hatku:/ n. #4
syllable /'stlobl/ n. 音节
format /fo:maet/ 1. at; 总 体 安排 ; ( 出 版 物 的 ) 版 式
vt. 格式 化
respectively /rrspektrvli/ adv. 分 别 ; 各 自 ; 依次 为

respective /rrspektrv/ adj. 分 别 的 ; 各 自 的
blossom /blosemy/ n. 4228; EE
delicate /'deltkat/ adj. 精美 的 ， 精致 的 ， 脆 弱 的
await /o'weit/ vt. 等 候 ; HAS; BREE
revolve /ri'volv/ vi. 旋转 环绕; 转动
utter /‘ata(r)/ vt. 出 声 ; 说 ; 讲

adj. 完全 的 ; 十 足 的 ， 彻底 的
comprehension /komprrhenfn/

n. 理解 力 ; 领悟 力 ; 理解 练习
shelf /felf/ n. ( pl. shelves /felvz/ ) 架子 ; 搁 板
core /koy 7. 核心 ; FARE; ( 水 果 的 ) 核 儿

cherry /'tferi/ n. 樱桃 ;樱桃 树 ; 樱桃 色
adj. 樱桃 色 的 ; 鲜红 色 的
cherry blossom 樱花
blank /blenk/
adj. 空白 的 ; 无 图 画 ( 或 韵律 、 装 饰 ) 的 ; 没 表情 的
n. BA; 空格
verse /vais/ n. 诗 ; 韵文 ; 诗 节
civilian /so'vilion/n. FR; 老百姓
prose /prouz/ n. 散文
sympathetic /,simpo'Setik/
adj. 同情 的 ; 有 同情 心 的 ; 赞同 的
sympathy /'simpo6i/ n. 同情 ; 赞同
version /'va:fn/ n. 版 本 ; ( 从 不 同 角度 的 ) 说 法
innocence /inaesns/ n. KA; 单纯 ; 无 罪
innocent /‘mosnt/
adj. RAAB; AEN; 无 恶意 的
era /‘iara/n. 时 代 ; 年 代 ; 纪元
correspondence /kpre sppndens/
n. 来 往 信件 ; 通信 联系
correspond /kprs'sppnd/
vi. 相 一 致 ;符合 ; 相当 于 ， 通信
SOW /sau/ vt. & vi. (sowed, sown /saun/ or sowed )
播种 ; 种
seed /si:d/ n. 种 子 ; 起 源 ; 萌芽
dominant /‘dommont/
adj, 首要 的 ; 占 支配 地 位 的 ; 显著 的
sonnet /spnrt/ n. 十 四 行 诗
deadline /dedlarmy/ n. 最 后 期 限 ; 截止 日 其
contest /kopntest/ n. 比赛 ;竞赛 ; 竞争
/kon'test/ vt. 争取 赢得 ( 比赛 、 选 举 等 ); 争辩

Words and Expressions in Each Unit

polish /‘polif/ we. 修改 ;润色 ;抛光
n. 上 光 剂 ; 抛光 ; BR
string /strin/n. 细 绳 ; 线 ; 一 串
vt. ( strung /stran/, strung ) 悬挂 ; 系
adj. 弦乐器 的 ; 线 织 的
wherever /weareve(T)/
conj. 在 任何 地 方 ; 在 所 有 …… 的 情况 下
adv. ( 用 于 问 句 ) 究竟 在 ( 到 ) 哪里
barren /'beron/ adj. RBH; 不 结果 实 的
grief /gri:f/ n. 悲伤 ; 悲痛 ;伤心 事
complicated /komplikertrd/ adj. 复杂 的 ， 难 懂 的
variation /,veori'erfn/n. 变化 ; tk; 变奏曲;
racial /rerfl adj. 种 族 的 ; 人 种 的
prejudice /'pred3udis/ 偏见 ; 成 见
vt. 使 怀 有 ( 或 形成 ) 偏见

Shakespeare /erkspre/
莎士比亚 ( 英国 剧 作 家 、 诗 人 )
The Crescent /kresnt/ Moom《 新 月 集 》
Tagore /ta'goy 泰戈尔 ( 印度 诗人 、 文 学 家 )
Elizabeth Barrett Browning
/'lizaba0 'berat 'brauniy/
伊丽莎白 . 巴 雷 特 … 布朗 宁 ( 英国 诗人 )
Robert Browning 罗伯特 布朗 宁 ( 英国 诗人 )
the Victorian /vik'to:risn/ era 维多利亚 时 代
Sonnets from the Portuguese /,po:tfu'gi:z/
《葡萄 牙 人 的 十 四 行 诗 集 》
Langston Hughes /‘lenston hju:z/ 兰 斯 顿 ' 休 斯

111
Appendices

112

Vocabulary
词汇 表

注 : 黑体 部 分 为 课 标 词 和 短语 ; 和 白 体 部 分 为 非 课 标 词 ; 带 ^ 符 号 的 词汇 为 专 有 名 词 。

NA
abandon /s'bendon/ vt. 舍弃 ; MF; WF (4)
aboard /s'bo:d/ adv. & prep.

上 ( 船 、 飞 机 、 公 共 汽 车 等 ) (4)
absorb /ab'so:b/ vt. 吸引 全 部 注意 力 ; 吸收 (2)
abuse /abju:s/ 7. 滥用 ; 虐待 ; 辱骂

/a'bju:z/ vt. kA; 虐待 BS (2)
adversity /ad'vsisati/ n. 困境 ; 逆境 (4)
advertise /advetarz/

vt. & vi. B46; 宣传 ; 做 广告 (4)

advertising /‘dvataizin/ n. 广告 活动 ; 广告 业 (4)
agenda /o'dgendo/ n. WER; 议事 日 程 (3)
alcohol /‘elkohol/ n. 酒 ; 酒精 (2)
amateur /‘emata(r)/ n. 业余 爱好 者

adj. 业余 的 ; 业余 爱好 的 (5)
animation /anrmerfn/

n. ( 电脑 、 录 像 ) 动画 制作 ; 动画 片 qd)
annual /‘enjuel/ adj. 每 年 的 ; 一 年 的

n. 年 刊 ; 年 鉴 (3)

Antarctica /an'ta:ktiko/ 南极 洲 (4)

arch /atfy vt. & vi. 呈 弧 形 横 跨 ; ( 使 ) 成 弓形
n. 拱 ; 拱 形 结构 ; 拱门 00)
arched /a:tft/ adj. 拱 形 的 ; 弓形 的 ()

Aristotle /aerrstotl/

亚 里 土 多 德 ( 古 希 腊 哲 学 家 ) (1)
artistic /a:'tisttk/ adj. 艺术 的 ; 艺术 家 的 (1)
assign /o'sain/ vt. SIR; HH; DE (4)
await /o'weit/ vt. 等 候 ; 期 待 ; 将 发 生 在 (5)
iB
banjo /'beend3au/ n. HES ( 乐器 ) (4)
bark /ba:k/ vi. & n. ($3) 喘 叫 ; 喘 叫 声 (4)
barren /beron/ adj. BBW; 不 结果 实 的 (5)
basin /bersn/ n. 流域 ; 3b; & (3)

bat /bet/n. 球拍 ; 蝙蝠

vi. & vt. 用 球 板 击 球 ; 挥 打 ; 拍打 (4)
be made up of 由 …… 组 成 ( 构成 ) (5)
beard /biod/n. 胡须 ; 络 腮 胡 子 (2)
bee /bi:/ n. 蜜蜂 (5)
belongings /bi'loninz/n. [pl.] 财物 ; 动产 = (4)
billy goat /'bili gout/ n. AW (5)
bitter /‘bita(r)/ adj.
严寒 的 ; 激烈 而 不 愉快 的 ; 味 苦 的 (4)
blank /bleyk/
adj. 空白 的 ; 无 图 画 ( 或 韵律 、 装 饰 ) 的 ; 没 表情 的
n. BA; 空格 (5)
blanket /‘blankit/ 1. 毯子 (4)
blossom /blosom/ n. #28; ## (5)
bowling /'boulin/ n. 保龄球 运动 (2)
brass /bra:s/ n. 黄 铜 ; 黄 铜 制品 ， 铜 管乐器 (5)
breakthrough /breik6ruy n. 重大 进展 ; RH (1)
bride /brard/ n. 新 娘 (1)
bring ... to life 赋予 …… 命 ; 使 …… 鲜 活 起 来 (])
broadcast /'bro:dka:st/
vt. & vi. ( broadcast, broadcast )
播送 ; 广播 ; 传播
7 广播 节目 ;电视 节目 (3)
bronze /bronz/ n. 84; RABE
adj. 青铜 色 的 ; RABE (1)
Buddhism /'budizom/ n. 佛教 (1)
Buddhist /‘budist/ adj. 佛教 的
n. RBGE qd)
bull /bul/ n. 公牛 (5)
butterfly /‘bataflar/ n. 蝴蝶 (5)
ic
campaign /kem'pein/ n. 运动 ; 战役 (3)
vi. & vt. 参加 运动 ; 领导 运动
candidate /‘kendidot/ n. 候选 人 ; 应 试 者 (4)
carbon /kaben / n. % (3)
carbon dioxide 二 氧化 碳
ceramic /so'remik/ n. 陶瓷 制品 ; 制 陶艺 术
chaos /kerps/ n. 混乱 ; 杂乱 ;紊乱
cherry /'tferi/ n. Bk; MH; 樱桃 色

adj. 樱桃 色 的 ; 鲜红 色 的
cherry blossom 樱花
Christianity /kristi'enoti/ n. 基督教
cigarette /sigo'ret/n. 香烟 ; 卷烟
cinquain /sin'ketn/ n. 五 行 诗
civil /‘srvl/ adj. BRA; 民用 的 ; 民事 的
civilian /ss'vilisn/ n. FR; 老百姓
Claude Monet /'klo:d mpner/
克 劳 德 ， BR ( 法 国 印象 派 画 家 )

3)
(D
(3)

(5)
(5)
(D)
(2)
(5)
(0D)
(5)

(D)

Clearing After Snow on a Mountain Pass

(HRSA) ( 明代 画家 唐寅 画作 )
client /‘klaront/n. 委托 人 ; 当事人 ; 客户
cloverklsuve(r)/ n. 三 叶 草
comedy /‘komodi/n. 喜剧 ; 喜剧 片 ; 滑稽 节目

qd)
(1)
(5)
(2)

commitment /ko'mitmont/ 1. Kis; (RIE; BAK (4)

complicated /‘komplikertid/
adj. 复杂 的 ; 难 懂 的

compose /kem'psuz/ vt. & vi. 组 成 ; 作曲 ; 撰写

be composed of 由 …… 组 成 ( 或 构成 ) 的
comprehension /kpmprrhenfn/

n. RA; REA; 理解 练习

comprehensive /,kompr1'hensiv/

adj. 全 部 的 ; 所 有 的 ; 详尽 的
Confucianism /kon'fju:fanizm/

n. 孔子 学 说 ; 儒家 ( 学 说 )
conservation /kpnse'verfn/

n. 对 ( 环境 、 文 物 等 ) 保护 ; 保持
consultant /kon'saltont/n. 顾问 ;高 级 顾问 医师
contemporary /kentempreri/

adj. 当代 的 ; 现代 的 ; 属 同时 期 的

n. FRA; 同辈 人
contest /kopntest/ 7. 比赛 ;竞赛 ;竞争

/kon'test/ vt. 争取 赢得 ( 比赛 、 选 举 等 );
争辩
convey /ksn veI/

vt. 表达 ; 传递 ( 思想 、 感 情 等 ); 传送
core /ko:/ n. 核心 ; FARE; ( 水 果 的 ) BIL
corporate /'ko:porot/

adj. 公司 的 ; 法 人 的 ; 社团 的
correspond /koro'spond/

vi. 相 一 致 ; 符合 ; 相当 于 ; 通信

(5)

(2)

(2)

(5)

(3)

(4)

(3)

(2)

()

(5)

(D)
G)

(4)

(5)

correspondence /kvra'spondons/

n. 来往 信 件 ; 通信 联系 (5)
cosy /‘kouzi/ adj. 温馨 的 ; 舒适 的 (4)
crew /kru:/n. ( 轮船 、 飞 机 等 上 面 的 ) 全 体 工作 人 员 ;

专业 团队 ; 一群 人 (4)
criticise (NAmE -ize) /krrtrsarz/
vi. & vt. 批评; 指责 ; 评价 (D)

criticism /krrtrsrzemy n. 批评 ; 指责 ; 评论 (1)
cruel /kru:sl adj. 残酷 的 ; 残忍 的 ; 冷酷 的 (4)
crush /kraf/ vt. 毁坏 ; 压 坏 ; 压 碎

n. 拥挤 的 人 群 (4)

Cubism /'kju:bizom/ 立体 主义 ; 立体 派 (1)
cue /kju:/n. 提示 ; 暗示 ; 信号

vt. 2 (SRA) 暗示 (或 提示 ) (2)

cupboard /'kabod/ n. 橱柜 ; 壁橱 ;衣柜 (4)

BD
damp /demp/ adj. 潮湿 的 ; 湿 气 重 的 (4)
dawn /do:n/ n. 9A; 开端 ; 萌芽 (5)

deadline /‘dedlain/n. 最 后 期 限 ; 截止 日 期 (5)
decent /‘di:snt/ adj. 相当 不 错 的 ; 正派 的 ; 得 体 的 (4)
decide on 决定 ; 选 定 (2)
decline /di'klarn/

n. ( 数量 、 价 格 、 质 量 等 的 ) 减少 ; 下 降 ; 衰落

vi. 有 vt 减少; 下 降 ; 衰落 ; 谢绝 ()
delete /drli't v. 删 去 ， 删 除 (2)
delicate /‘delikot/ adj. 精美 的 ; 精致 的 ; 脆弱 的 (5)
dentist /‘dentist /n. 牙科 医生 (2)
dewdrop /'dju:drop/ n. BR; 水 珠 (5)

diamond /‘daromond/n. 钻石 ; 金刚 石 ; BH (5)
dimension /darmenfn/ n. 维 ; 规模 ; 范围 ()
two-dimensional /,tu: dar'menfonl/
adj. 二 维 的 (1)
dioxide /dar'pksaid/ n. 二 氧化 物 (3)
discipline /‘disoplin/ n. 自制 力 ; 纪律 ; 学科
vt. BRB; 管教 ; 处 罚 (2)

disposal /drspsuzl/ n. 去 掉 ， 清除 ; 处理 (3)
disturb /drsta:b/ vt. 打扰 ; 搅乱 ;使 烦恼 (2)
dizzy /drzi/ adj. 头晕 目眩 的 (2)
dominate /‘dpmmert/
vt. & vi. MBC; 控制 ; 占有 优势 (2)
dominant /‘dpmimont/
adj. 首要 的 ; 占 支 配 地 位 的 ; 显著 的 (5)
dozen /‘dazn/ n. (—) 打 ; 十 二 个 (3)

Vocabulary

113
114

一 一 Appendices 一 一 一 一

dozens of 许多 ; 很 多
drama /'dra:mo/ n. 戏 ; Bl; 戏剧 艺术
drug /drag/n. im; 药物
dynamic /dar'nem1k/

adj. 充满 活力 的 ; 精力 充沛 的 ; 动态 的

BE

ecology /i'kplod3i/n. 生态 ; 生态 学
Elizabeth Barrett Browning
/t'lizoba0 'berat braunID/
伊丽莎白 巴 雷 特 ， 布朗 宁 ( 英国 诗人 )

emerge /mas:d3/ vi. & vt. WH; 浮现 ; 暴露

emission /i'mifn/ n. 排放 物 ; 散发 物 ; 排放

endurance /in'djusrons/n. 忍耐 力 ; 耐久 力

enhance /in'‘ha:ns; NAME -'hens/
vt. 提高 ; 增强 ;增进

enterprise /‘entopraiz/n. 公司 ; 企业 ;

enthusiastic /mbju:ziaestrk/
adj. 热情 的 ; 热心 的

entry /entri/n. MA; 进入 ; 参与

envy /envi/ n. & vt. RR; PR

episode /‘episaud/
n. (A488) 一 段 经 历 ; ( 小 说 的 ) 片段 ; 插
era /Tere/ 7. 时 代 ; 年 代 ; 纪元
Ernest Shackleton /‘s:nist faekltan/
ARTS - 沙 克 尔 顿 ( 英国 探险 家 )

escalator /'eskalerta(r)/ n. 自动 扶梯 ; 滚 梯

examine /1g'zemin/
vt. ( 仔细 ) 检查 ; 审查 ; 测验

exhibition /eksrbrfn/

n. 展览 ; ( 技能 、 感 情 或 行为 的 ) 表演
expansion /ik'spenfn/n. 扩张 ; 扩展 ; 扩大

expedition /ekspo'difn/ n. 探险; 远征 ;探险 队

fF

facilitate /fo'silitert/ vt. 促进 ; 促使 ， 使 便利
Feeling from Mountain and Water
《山水 情 》

fine /farmy vt. 对 …… 处 以 罚款

fine art (also fine arts) 美术 ( AHAw ANA )

flu /flu:/ n. 流感

folk /fouk/ adj. 民间 的 ;民俗 的 ;普通 百姓 的

fond /fond/ adj. 喜爱
be fond of 喜爱 ;喜欢

乓

(3)
(5)
(2)

(2)

(3)

(5)
(D
(3)
(4)

(2)
(3)

(4)
(D)
(4)

(4)
(5)

(4)
(2)

(2)

(1)
(1)
(4)

(2)

qa)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(5)
()
()

footprint /futprmt/

n. 足迹 ; ( 某 物 所 占 的 ) 空间 量 ; 面积 (3)

format /fo:maet/ 7 格式 ; 总 体 安 排 ; ( 出 版 物 的 ) 版 式

vt. 格式 化 (5)

fortunately /'fo:tfonotli/ adv. 幸运 地 (4)
unfortunately /an'fo:tfonotli/

adv, 不 幸 地 ; 遗憾 地 (4)

fossil /'fosl/ n. 化 石 (3)

fossil fuel 化 石 燃料 ( 如 煤 或 石油 ) (3)

frame /frerm/n. 画面 ; 框架
vt. 给 …… 镶 框 ; 陷害 (1)
Frank Wild 弗兰克 ， 怀 尔 德 (4)

Frank Worsley /'waisli/ 弗兰克 “， 沃 斯 利 (4)
frequently /frikwsntliy adv. 频繁 地 ; 经 党 (3)

fuel /fu:sl/ 燃料 ;刺激 性 言行 (3)
furniture /‘fa:nitfo(r)/ n. RA (4)
Ic
garbage /'ga:bid3/ n. 垃圾 ; 废物 (3)
genuine /‘dgenjuin/

adj. 真正 的 ; 真诚 的 ;可 信赖 的 (4)

Giotto di Bondone /'d3ptau di bpn'done/
FE + 迪 ' 邦 多 纳 ( MAAR, MAIR. BSAA) (1)

give off 放出 ( 热 、 光 、 气 味 或 气体 ) (4)

Giverny /d5rveni/ 吉 维 尼 ( 法 国 小 镇 ) (1)
good/bad-tempered adj. 脾气 好 的 / 坏 的 (4)
graph /gra:fin. A; BR; 曲线 图 (3)
grief /gri:f/ n. Eta; 悲痛 ;伤心 事 (5)

guarantee / gzron'ti:/
vt. RIE; 确保 ; 肯定 …… 必 然 发 生

n. 保证 ;保修 单 ; 担保 物 qd)
guidance /gardns/ n. 指导 ; 引导 ;导航 (4)
BH
habitable /‘habitobl/ adj. 适合 居住 的 (G3)
haiku /‘hatku:/ n. #4) (5)
harmonious /ha:'mounias/ adj. 和 谐 的 (3)

Hubert Hudson /jurbat 'hadsn/

MAYS + ERR (4)

humanistic /,hju:ma'nistrk/ adj. 人 文 主义 的 (D
humanity /hju:'menoti/
n. 人 性 ; AGE; ( 统称 ) 人 类 ()
humble /‘hambl/ adj. 谦逊 的 ;虚心 的 ; BH (1)
Hurricane Katrina /ke'trime/
飓风 卡特 里 娜 (3)
imagery /‘imidgori/ n. 形象 的 描述 ;意象 ; 像
implement /‘1mplimont/

vt. 使 生效 ; 贯彻; 执行

Impressionism /1m'prefonizom/

n. 印象 主义 ; 印象派 ( 绘画 风格 )
in particular 尤其 ;特别
in response to 回答 ; 答复
influential /,mflu'enf1/

adj. 有 很 大 影响 力 的 ; 有 支配 力 的
ink /mk/ n. 墨水 ; 墨汁 ; 油墨
innocence /inasns/ 7. 天 真 ; 单纯 ; TE

innocent /‘inosnt/

adj. KAA; TEN; 无 恶意 的

inspection /in'spekfn/n. #8; 查看 ;视察
investment /in'vestmont/

n. RM; 投资 ; ( 时 间 、 精 力 的 ) 投入

Hu

jungle /‘dzangl/ n. (热带 ) 丛林 ; 密林

BL

Langston Hughes /lansten hju:z/
兰 斯 顿 ， 休 斯
Lao Zi 老子 ( 中 国 古 代 哲 学 家 )

lawn /lom/ n. 草坪 ， 草 地

Leonardo da Vinci /li:o'na:dau de 'vintfi/

BAZ 3K + HEF
( 意大利 艺术 家 、 学 者 、 发 明 家 )
liberation /libo'rerfn/ n. 解放 ; 摆脱
Lionel Greenstreet /larenl 'gri:n,stri:t/
莱 昂 内 尔格 林 斯 特 里 特
literary /ltersri/
adj. 文学 的 ; 爱好 文学 的 ; 有 文学 作品 特征 的
loyal /lorel/ adj. 忠诚 的 ;忠实 的

iM

make fire 生火

make up one’s mind 下 定 决心
Masaccio /mo'sa:t{au/
马 萨 乔 ( 意大利 现实 主义 画家 )

(5)

(5)
(2)
(5)

(D

(2)

(4)

(5)
(4)

(4)
(2)

ie)

Vocabulary

melt /melt/ vi. & vt. (使 ) 融化 ; 熔化 ; 软化 (3)
memorial /ma moxrisl/

n. 纪念 碑 ( 或 像 等 ); 纪念 物 ; 纪念 品

adj. 纪念 的 ; 悼念 的 (1)
methane /'mi:Oemn/n. 甲烷 ; 沼气 (3)

Michelangelo /,maikol'end3elou/

米 开朗 基 罗 ( 意大利 雕塑 家 、 画 家 、 建 筑 师 、 诗 人 ) (1)
miserable /'mizrobl/ adj. 痛苦 的 ; 令 人 难受 的 (4)
mockingbird /mpkmbs:d/

n. WARS ( 美洲 鸣 禽 ， 能 模仿 别 种 鸟 的 鸣叫 ) (5)
moderate /‘mndorot/ adj. 适度 的 ;中 等 的 ; 温和 的

vi. & vt. 缓和 ; 使 适中 (3)
monthly /mAnbli/ adv. & adj. 每 月 ;每 月 一 次 的

n. 月 刊 (2)
mood /mu:d/ n. 情绪 ; 心情 ; 语气 6)
motive /mautrv/ n. 动机 ; RA; 目的 (4)

motor /‘mouta(r)/ n. 发 动机 ; 马达
adj. 有 引擎 的 ; 机 动车 的 (4)
mythology /mr'@plod3i/ n. 神话 ; 虚幻 的 想法 (1)

oN
navigator /‘navigerte/

n. 领航 员 ; ( 飞机 、 船 舶 等 上 的 ) 航行 者 (4)
Navy /‘neri/ n. 海军 ; 海军 部 队 (4)
negative /‘negotrv/

adj. 消极 的 ; ABA; 否定 的 (2)
nephew /nefju:/ n. BF; 48 (4)
noble /‘noubl/ n. 贵族 成 员 ; 出 身高 贵 的 人

adj. 崇高 的 ; 宏伟 的 ; 高 贵 的 qd)

Norway /‘no:wer/ 挪威 ( 北欧 国家 ) (3)
nuclear /'nju:klio(r)/

adj. 原子 能 的 ; 核能 的 ; 原子 核 的 (3)
nursery/'nsisori/ adj. 幼儿 教育 的

7. 托儿所 ;保育 室 (1)

nursery rhyme #i%; 儿歌 (1)
nut /nat/n. BR (2)
| Ke)
on behalf /br'ha:f/ of 代表 ( 代替 ) HRA (3)

originate /o'rid3zmert/ vi. & vt. 起 源 ; 发 源 ; 创立 (3)
outer /‘auto(r)/ adj. 外 表 的 ; 外 边 的 ; 外 围 的 (1)

115

Appendices 一 一

116

gP

penguin /'pengwin/ n. £38
People’s Liberation Army (PLA)
中 国人 民 解 放 军

Perce Blackborow /ps:s 'blek,borou/

珀 西 布莱克 博 罗 (“ 坚 忍 ” 号 服务 员 )
permanent /'ps:monont/

adj. 永久 的 ; 永恒 的 ; KAN
perseverance /ps:sSTVIerens/

n. BA; 韧性 ;不屈不挠 的 精神

persevere /ps:srvIe(r)/ vi. 坚持 ; 孜孜 以 求

pessimistic /,pesi'misttk/
adj. EMH; 翡 观 主义 的
photography /fo'togrofi/ n. RRABAR; 摄影
physical /'fizikl/
adj. 身体 的 ; 客观 存在 的 ; 物理 学 的
Picasso /pi'kesau/
毕加索 ( FHP BR. ARYER )
pill /pil/n. AH; 药片
policy /'polosi/ n. 政策 ; 方针 ; 原则
polish /'polif/ vt. 修改 ; 润色 ; 抛光
n. EXCH; MIC; BR
pond /pond/ n. 池塘 ; 水 池
precise /prrsars/ adj. 准确 的 ; 精确 的
precisely /prrsarsli/
adv. 准确 地 ; 精确 地 ; 的 确 如 此
prejudice /'predgudis/ n. 偏见 ; 成 见
vt. 使 怀 有 ( 或 形成 ) 偏见
primitive /prrmatrv/
adj. 发 展 水 平 低 的 ; 原始 的 ; 远古 的
n. 文艺 复兴 前 的 艺术 家 ( 或 作品 )
prose /preuz/ n. 散文
psychology /sarkplad5i/
及 . 心理 学 ; 心理 ; 心理 影响
purchase /ps:tfas/ v7. 购买 ; 采购
n. JAR; 购买 的 东西
Te

qualified /‘kwolifard/
adj. 符合 资格 ; 具备 …… 的 知识
( 或 技能 、 学 历 等 )

—R

racial /rerfU adj. 种 族 的 ; 人 种 的

(3)

(2)

(4)

(D

(4)
(4)

(2)
(D

(2)
(4
(2)
(3)
(5)
(GD
(1)
(GD)
(G5)
(D)
(5)

(2)

(D)

(4)

(5)

rank /renk/ n. 地 位 ;级别 ;行列

vt. & vi. 把 …… 分 等 级 ; 使 排 成 行

Raphael /raferel/ 拉 斐 尔 ( 意大利 画家 )
realistic /ri:o'listrk/ adj. 现实 的 ; 逼真 的
realism /'ri:olizom/
n. 逼真 ;现实 主义 ; 务实 作风
realist /‘ri:alist/

n. 现实 主义 艺术 家 ( 或 作家 等 ); 现实 主义 者

recite /ri'sart/ ve. 背诵 ; 吟 诵 ; 列举

recognition /,rekog'nifn/ n. iA; 认 出 ; 赞誉
recreation /rekri'erfn/ 7. 娱乐 ; 消遣 ;游戏
reform /r1'fo:m/ vi. & vt. RH; (使 ) 改正 ;改造

n. 改革 ; 变革 ; 改良

refresh /ri'fref/ vt. 使 恢复 精力 ; 使 凉爽 ; 刷新

regulation /regju'leifn/ n. 章程 ; 规章 制度
release /rrli's/ vt. & n. 排放 ; Bi; RA
rely /rrlar vi. fii; 依靠 ; 信赖

rely on 依赖 ; 依靠， 信赖

Rembrandt /rembrsent/ 伦 勃 朗 ( 荷兰 画家 )
Renoir /renwax 雷诺 阿 ( 法 国 印象 派 画 家 )

repeatedly /ri'pi:tidli/ adv. 重复 地
representative /,repri'zentotiv/
adj. 典型 的 ;有 代表 性 的
n. 代表
reputation /repju'terfn/ n. 名 誉 ; 名 声
resolve /rrzplv/
vi. & vt 决定 ; Rib; 解决 ( 问题 或 困难 )
7. 决心 ; 坚定 的 信念

resolution /rezelu:fn/ 7m. RW; BR; 坚定
respective /ri'spektiv/ adj. 分 别 的 ; 各 自 的

respectively /rrspektrvli/
adv. 分 别 ; 各 自 ; 依次 为
restore /ri'sto:(r)/ vt. 恢复 ; 使 复原 ; 修复
restrict /ri'strikt/ vt. Rl; PRE; 束缚
restriction /r'strikfn/

n. 限制 规定 ; 限制 法 规 ; AR
revolve /ri'volv/ vi. 旋转 ;环绕 ;转动
reward /ri'wo:d/ n. 回报 ; 奖励 ; 报酬

vt. 奖励 ; RR; 给 以 报酬
rhyme /rarmy/ n. 押韵 词 ; 押韵 的 短 诗
vi. & vt. (48) 押韵
rhythm /'ridem/ n. 节奏 ;韵律 ;规律
Robert Browning
罗伯特 ' 布朗 宁 ( 英国 诗人 )

(dy
qd)
(dy

(1)

(D)
(5)
(1)
(4)

(3)
(2)
(3)
(3)
(2)
(2)
(D)
(D)
(2)

qd)
qd)

(4)
(4)
(5)

(5)
(3)
(3)

(3)
(5)

(2)

(5)
(5)

(5)

rough /raf/ adj. MBE; 粗糙 的 ;粗略 的 (4)
rugby /'ragbi/ n. 橄榄 球 运动 (4)

—s

sculpture /'skalptfa(r)/ n. 雕像 ;雕刻 品 ; 雕刻 术 (1)
sculptor /'skalpto(r)/ n. 雕刻 家 ; 有 雕塑 家 (D)

seal /si:l/ 海豹 (3)
seed /si:d/ n. 种 子 ; 起 源 ; 萌芽 (5)
seize /si:z/ vt. UME; FR; 控制 (3)
selfish /‘selfif/ adj. 自私 的 (4)
sensitive /'sensativ/
adj. 敏感 的 ; 善 解 人 意 的 ; 灵敏 的 (3)
set apart from
使 与 众 不 同 ; 使 突出 ; 使 优 于 …… (D)
Shakespeare /‘Seikspio/
莎士比亚 ( 英国 剧 作家 、 诗 人 ) (5)
shave /fev/ vi., vt. & n. $) (MR); HK (2)
shave off #l#; HA (2)

shelf /felf/ n. (pl. shelves /felvz/) BF; #84R (5)
sink /sink/ vi. ( sank /seenk/ or sunk /sank/, sunk )
沉没 ; 下 沉 ; 下 降

wt. ERR; 使 沉没 (4)
skateboard /'skeitbo:d/ .滑板
vi. 滑 滑 板 (2)

skip /skip/ vt. BEL; RSA; TE
vi. 蹦 蹦跳 跳 地 走 ; 跳绳

n. 蹦跳 (2)
smog /smpg/ n. 烟雾 ( 烟 与 雾 混 合 的 空气 污染 物 (3)
sonnet /'spnit/ n. 十 四 行 诗 (5)
Sonnets from the Portuguese /,poitfu'gi:z/
《葡萄 牙 人 的 十 四 行 诗集 》 (5)
sorrow /'sprou/ n. 悲伤 ; 悲痛 ; 伤心 事
vi. 感到 悲伤 (5)
South Georgia /'d3o:d39/ Island
南 乔治 亚 岛 ( 南极 洲 ) (4)
SOW /sau/ vt. & vi. ( sowed, sown /soun/ or sowed )
播种 ; 种 (5)
specialist /'spefalist/n. 专科 医生 ;专家 (2)
starve /sta:v/ vi. & vt. (48) #1; TRIE (3)

steward /'stju:od/

n. ( 轮船 、 飞 机 或 火车 上 的 ) 乘务 员 ; 服务 员 (4)
stimulate /'stimjulert/ ve. HA; 促进 ; 刺激 (2)
stove /stouv/n. PAR; 厨房 灶具 (4)
straight away 立即 ; 马上 (2)

stressed out 焦虑 不 安 ; HAH
string /strm/ n. 细 绳 ; 线 ; 一 串

(2)

vt. ( strung /stran/, strung ) 悬挂 ; 系

adj. 弦乐器 的 ; BAN
subjective /sab'd3ektiv/ adj. 主观 的
submit /sob'mit/ vt. & vi. 提交 ; ZB;
subsequent /'sabsikwont/
adj. 随后 的 ; 后 来 的 ;之 后 的
sugary /Jugasri/ adj. 含 糖 的 ; 甜 的
sunrise /'sanraiz/n. 日 出
surgeon /'ss:d3an/ n. 外 科 医 生
surgery /'sa:dgori/n. 外 科 手 术 ; 外 科学
sustain /so'stern/ vt. 维持 ; 遭受 ; 承受 住
sustainable /so'sternabl/
adj. 可 持续 的 ; 合理 利用 的

届 服

Svalbard /'sva:lba:rd/ 斯 瓦尔 巴 群 岛 ( 挪威 )

syllable /'stlobl/ n. #45
sympathy /'simpo6i/ n. 同情 ; 赞同
sympathetic /,stmpo'Setrk/
adj. 同情 的 ; 有 同情 心 的 ; 赞同 的
Symphony /srmfani/ n. 交响 乐 ; 交响 此

HT

Tadpoles /'tedpouls/ Searching for

Mother (1\\943323535 )

Tagore /to'go:/ 泰戈尔 ( 印度 诗人 、 文 学 家 )
tease /ti:z/ vi. & vt. 取笑 (RA); Bi; BH

the Antarctic /en'ta:ktik/ 南极 地 区

The Cowboy's Flute /flu:t/ (#8)

The Crescent /'kresnt/ Moon (iA)

The Middle Ages 中 世纪

(5)
qd)
(3)

qd)
(2)
ql)
(2)
(2)
(3)

(3)
(3)
(5)
(5)

(5)
qd)

(1)
(5)
(5)
(4)
qd)
(5)
()

the Renaissance /ro'neisns; NAmE 'renosa:ns/

文艺 复兴 ( 时 期 )
the South Pole 南极

(D
(4)

the Victorian /vik'to:rion/ era 维多利亚 时 代 (5)

Thomas Orde-Lees /'tomas o:d li:z/
托马斯 ， 奥 德 利 斯

thorough /'Oara/ adj. 深入 的 ; 彻底 的 ; 细致 的

tobacco /to'bekou/ n. AS; 烟叶

tolerate /'toloreit/ vt 忍受 ; 包容 ; 容许
Tom Crean /kri:n/ 汤姆 克 林

trend /trend/ n. 趋势 ; 趋向 ;动向

tropical /‘troprkl/ adj. 热带 的 ; 来 自 热带 的

turn sb down 拒绝 ( 某 人 )

(4)
(4)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(3)
(3)
(4)

117
Appendices 一 一 =

118

—uU

undergo /Anda'gau/ vt. ( underwent, undergone )

经 历 ; 经 受 ( 变化 、 不 快 等 ) (3)
utter /‘ata(r)/ vt. 出 声 ; 说 ; 讲
adj. 完全 的 ; 十 足 的 ; 彻底 的 (5)
iv

variation /,veori'erfn/n. 变化 ; 变 体 ; 变奏 曲 (5)
vase /va:z; NAmE vers; VelZ / n. 花瓶 ; iH (1)
verse / vais/n. 诗 ; 韵文 ; 诗 节 (5)
version /'vaifn/ n. 版 本 ; ( 从 不 同 角度 的 ) i (5)
vigour (NAmE vigor) /‘viga(r)/

n. 精力 ; 力量 ; 活力 (4)
visual /vi3usl/ adj. 视觉 的 ; 视力 的 (D)
volume /'volju:m/

n.B; 体积 ; ( 成 套 书籍 中 的 ) -—B ， (3)

voyage /'voud3/ n. & vi. 航海 ; 航行

iw

wage /weid3/n. LR
water Lily /'Inli/ n. 睡莲
waterway /'wo:towei/ n. 水 道 ; 航道
wherever /wear'evas(r)/
conj. 在 任何 地 方 ; 在 所 有 …… 的 情况 下
adv. ( 用 于 问 句 ) 究竟 在 ( 到 ) 哪里
worldwide /ws:ldward/
adv. 遍及 全 球 地
adj. 世界 各 地 的 ; 影响 全 世界 的
worn out 筋疲力尽 的 ; 疲惫 的
worthy /'ws:0i/ adj. 值得 …… 的 ; 有 价值 的
be worthy of 值得

(4)

(4)
(D
(3)

(5)

(3)
(2)
(1)
(1)

Irregular Verbs 不 规则 动词

Verb Pasttense | Past participle Verb Pasttense | Past participle
arise arose arisen feel felt felt
be (am, is, are)| was, were been fight fought fought
bear bore born, borne find found found
beat beat beaten flee fled fled
become became become fly flew | flown
begin began begun forget forgot | forgotten
bend bent bent forgive forgave | forgiven
bet bet bet freeze froze frozen
bite bit bitten get got got/gotten
bleed bled bled give gave given
blow blew blown go went gone
break broke broken grow grew grown
bring brought brought hang ( 悬挂) | hung hung
broadcast broadcast broadcast have (has) had had
build built built hear heard heard
burn burnt/burned burnt/burned hide hid hidden
buy bought bought hit hit hit
cast cast cast | hold held held
catch caught caught hurt hurt hurt
choose chose chosen keep kept kept
come came come know knew known
cost cost cost lay laid laid
cut cut cut lead led led
deal dealt dealt lean leant/leaned leant/leaned
dig dug dug leap leapt/leaped leapt/leaped
do (does) did done learn learnt/learned | learnt/learned
draw drew drawn leave left left
dream dreamt/dreamed}| dreamt/dreamed lend lent lent
drink drank drunk let let let
drive drove driven lie (44) lay lain
eat ate eaten light lit/lighted litighted
fall fell fallen lose lost lost
feed fed fed make made made

Irregular Verbs

119
Appendices

120

Verb Pasttense “| Past participle Verb Pasttense | Past participle
mean meant meant smell smelt/smelled | smelt/smelled
meet met met SOW sowed sown/sowed
mistake mistook mistaken speak spoke spoken
output output output speed sped/speeded | sped/speeded
overcome overcame overcome spell spelt/spelled spelt/spelled
oversleep overslept overslept spend spent spent
pay paid paid spill spilt/spilled spilt/spilled
put put put spread spread spread
quit quit/quitted quit/quitted stand stood stood
read /ri:d/ read /red/ read /red/ steal stole stolen
ride rode ridden stick stuck stuck
ring rang rung strike struck struck/stricken
rise rose risen string strung strung
run ran run sweep swept swept
say said said swell swelled swollen/swelled
see saw seen swim swam swum
seek sought sought swing swung | swung
sell sold sold take took taken
send sent sent teach taught taught
set set set tell told told
shake shook shaken think thought thought
shine shone shone throw threw thrown
shoot shot shot undergo underwent undergone
show showed shown understand understood understood
shut shut shut upset upset upset
sing sang sung wake woke woken
sit sat sat wear wore worn
sleep slept slept win won won

| slide slid slid | write wrote written

本 册 教 科 书 是 人 民 教 育 出 版 社 课程 教材 研究 所 英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心 与 美国 圣 智
学 习 集团 合作 ， 依 据 教 育 部 《普通 高 中 英语 课程 标准 (2017 年 版 )》 编 写 的 ， 经 国家 教材
委员 会 2019 年 审查 通过 。

本 册 教 科 书 的 编写 ， 集 中 反映 了 我 国 十 余年 来 普通 高 中 课程 改革 的 成 果 ， 吸 取 了
2004 年 版 《普通 高 中 课程 标准 实验 教科 书 ”英语 》 的 编写 经 验 ， 凝 聚 了 参与 课 改 实验 的
教育 专家 、 学 科 专 家 、 教 材 编写 专家 、 教 研 人 员 和 一 线 教 师 ， 以 及 教材 设计 装帧 专家 的 集
体 智慧 。 本 册 教 科 书 的 执笔 者 还 有 Jacqueline Eu, Sarah H. Miller, Karina Thorne, Rayne
Ngoi、 游 晓 霞 、 陈 力 、 马 晓 蕾 、 邱 玲 、 刘 娟 、 李 季 、 沈 玉 荣 。 为 本 册 书 提供 整体 设计 的 是
Bt. HAS, Zea ee HE.

我 们 感谢 2004 年 版 《普通 高 中 课程 标准 实验 教科 书 SRT) AY Bill ESSE A aS
人 员 Dodie Brooks, Maggie Aldhamland, Joanna Karmel、 曹 洁 等 。 我 们 感谢 所 有 对 教科
书 的 编写 、 出 版 、 试 教 等 提供 过 帮助 与 支持 的 同仁 和 社会 各 界 朋友 。

本 册 教 科 书 出 版 之 前 ， 我 们 通过 多 种 渠道 与 教科 书 选用 作品 〈 包 括 照片 、 画 作 ) 的 作
者 进行 了 联系 ， 得 到 了 他 们 的 大 力 支 持 。 对 此 ， 我 们 表示 衷心 的 感谢 !

我 们 真诚 地 希望 广大 教师 、 学 生 及 家 长 在 使 用 本 册 教 科 书 的 过 程 中 提出 宝贵 意见 。 我
们 将 集思广益 ， 不 断 修订 ， 使 教科 书 趋 于 完善 。

联系 方式
电话 : 010-58758866
电子 邮箱 : jctk@pep.com.cn

人 民 教 育 出 版 社 ”课程 教材 研究 所
英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心
2019 年 4 月

BEB Dey AS a Er ALAA EB

东方 IC 图 片 网 (P3AIKA, PIO—3KAl, P260—3KA, P37—
张 图 ，P42 一 张 图 ，P44 一 张 图 ，P53 一 张 图 );
全 景 网 (P13 一 张 图 )。

