出 于 自用 和 兴趣 ， 收 集 了 相关 系列 的 课本 和 文档 。

本 课本 是 完整 版 ， 若 在 使 用 过 程 中 ， 发 现 有 问题 ， 请 与 我 们 联
系 。

非常 重要 声明 : 我 们 收集 的 文档 全 部 都 来 源 于 网 络 ， 所 有 版 权 都
归 相 关 出 版 社 ， 如 果 冒 犯 你 的 权益 ， 我 们 会 进行 相关 处 理 。 请 广

大 使 用 者 在 使 用 过 程 中 务必 注意 这 一 点 。

我 们 努力 收集 相关 的 教材 ， 练 习 ， 教 案 及 相关 文档 ， 只 为 自己 提
供 便 利 ， 可 能 也 为 你 提供 方便 。

如 果 可 能 ， 建 议 您 访问 相关 网 站 : 美英 桥 word 课本 网
〈( http://Awww.wordkb.com/ ) 和 和 美英 桥 课 本 信息 网
( http://www.textbook-info.com/_) ， 或 者 发 邮件 至
key51@qq.com 与 我 们 联系 。

谢谢 !
ENGLISH

选择 性 必修 ©

第 一 册

[下 国 ) 尖 民 载 育 出 版 和 课程 教材 研究 所
英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心

(美国 ) 圣 智 学 FY 集 团

编著

A Ae A te

“北京 ，
主 A: 刘 道 义 郑 旺 全
副 主 编 : Fe 欣 张 献 臣

编写 人 员 : Patrick Wallace Simon McCue Jacqueline Eu
SA BK BEAK FOLK Ee

责任 编辑 : SER BK
美术 编辑 : 胡 白 珂

普通 高 中 教科 书 ”英语 ”选择 性 必修 “第 一 册
人 民 教 育 出 版 社 ”课程 教材 研究 所
英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心 编著
(美国 ) 圣 8 学 习 集 A

(中国 )

出 版 AK A Aw am
(北京 市 海淀 区 中 关 村 南大 街 17 号 院 1 号 楼 邮编， 100081 )

网 址 http://www. pep. com. cn
HE 山东 出 版 传媒 股份 有 限 公司
发 FT 山东 新 华 书店 集团 有 限 公司
印 Wil) 山东 德州 新 华 印 务 有 限 责任 公司
版 次 2019 年 12 月 第 1 版

印 “次 2020 年 3 月 山东 第 1 次 印刷
FF 本 890 毫米 x1240 毫米 1716
印 张 8

字 RM 221 千 字

书 “号 ISBN 978-7-107-34502-9
定价 9.22 元 (上 光 )

版 权 所 有 “' 未 经 许可 不 得 采用 任何 方式 擅自 复制 或 使 用 本 产品 任何 部 分 . 违 者 必 究
如 发 现 内 容 质 量 问题 ， 请 登录 中 小 学 教材 意见 反馈 平台 ， jeyjfk. pep. com. cn
山东 出 版 传媒 股份 有 限 公司 教材 中 心 售后 服务 电话 : 0531 - 82098188

|

《普通 高 中 教科 书 ，” 英语 》 是 为 了 适应 新 时 代 的 发 展 需要 ， 依 据 《普通 高 中 英语 课程 标
准 ( 2017 年 版 )》 的 精神 ， 充 分 征求 广大 师 生 的 反馈 意见 ， 在 《普通 高 中 课程 标准 实验 教科
书 ， 英 语 》 的 基础 上 精心 修订 而 成 。 此 次 教材 修订 的 主要 目的 是 : 全 面 落实 立 德 桂 人 根本 任
务 ， 培 育 社会 主义 核心 价值 观 ， 弘 扬中 华 优秀 文化 ， 充 分 体现 英语 课程 工具 性 和 人 文 性 的 统
一 ， 发 展 学 生 的 语言 能 力 、 文 化 意识 、 思 维 品 质 和 学 习 能 力 等 英语 学 科 核心 素养 ， 充 分 体现

英语 学 科 特 殊 的 育 人 价值 ， 培 养 具 有 中 国情 怀 、 国 际 视野 和 跨 文化 沟通 能 力 的 社会 主义 建设
者 和 接班 人 。

修订 后 的 教材 主要 具有 以 下 特点 :

注重 思想 引领 教材 融入 了 社会 主义 核心 价值 观 的 基本 内 容 和 要 求 ， 注 重 培养 学 生 良 好
的 政治 素质 、 道 德 品质 和 健全 人 格 ， 弘 扬中 华 优秀 文化 ， 增 强 文化 自信 ， 引 导 学 生 形成 正确
的 世界 观 、 人 生 观 和 价值 观 。

反映 时 代 要 求 ”教材 充分 反映 当代 社会 发 展 新 变化 、 科 技 进步 新 成 果 ， 展 示 新 时 代 中 国
特色 社会 主义 新 成 就 ， 将 先进 的 教育 思想 和 理念 融入 教材 之 中 ， 同 时 紧密 结合 学 生 的 学 习 和
生活 实际 ， 关 注 信息 化 环境 下 学 生 的 发 展 需求 。

强调 语言 实践 ”教材 以 英语 学 习 活 动 观 为 指导 ， 以 主题 为 引领 ， 以 语 篇 为 依托 ， 通 过 板
块 式 设计 将 语言 知识 与 听 、 说 、 读 、 看 、 写 等 技能 有 机 整合 ， 强 调 学 习 过 程 和 学 习 策略 ， 突
出 活动 目标 ， 让 学 生 用 语言 做 事情 ， 在 实践 中 培养 语言 运用 能 力 和 创新 思维 。

突出 文化 意识 ”教材 通过 展示 多 姿 多 彩 的 中 外 文化 来 培养 学 生 对 中 华文 化 的 认同 和 传承 ，
加 深 对 人 类 优秀 文化 的 学 习 和 鉴赏 ;通过 让 学 生 分 析 中 外 文化 异同 ， 发 展 其 多 元 思维 和 批判
性 思维 ， 增 强 学 生 跨 文化 理解 和 跨 文化 沟通 能 力 ， 构 建 人 类 命运 共同 体 意 识 。

激发 学 习 动 机 “教材 以 真实 性 、 趣 味 性 、 规 范 性 和 经 典 性 作为 内 容 选 编 原 则 ， 主 题 覆 盖
面 广 ， 语 篇 题材 和 体裁 丰富 ， 活 动 呈现 形式 多 样 ， 版 式 设计 生动 活泼 且 富有 美感 ， 力 求 激发
学 生 的 学 习 兴 趣 和 动机 ， 引 发 他 们 积极 思考 、 主 动 参与 语言 实践 活动 ， 提 升 英语 学 习 效率 。

满足 不 同 需求 “教材 编排 内 容 和 活动 设计 既 充 分 考虑 学 生 的 共同 基础 ， 又 兼顾 学 生 不 同
的 能 力 水 平和 学 习 需 求 , 提供 了 拓展 性 的 教学 内 容 , 为 教师 灵活 使 用 教材 进行 教学 提供 了 便利 ，
也 切实 促进 学 生 的 个 性 发 展 。

本 套 教 材 为 高 中 英语 教学 提供 了 丰富 的 教学 资源 。 希 望 教材 能 够 帮助 同学 们 打下 坚实 的
语言 基础 ， 提 高 英语 水 平 ， 获 得 全 面 发 展 ; 同时 也 希望 老师 们 能 够 充分 利用 教材 ， 在 实践 中
不 断 完 善 教学 ， 取 得 良好 的 教学 效果 。

编者
2019 年 4 月

sc SRG NAAR LT TE

CONTENTS

p25

p. 37

p. 49

SENSO SSS AS OT ee ENR oo Tome

Theme

UNIT 1

PEOPLE OF

ACHIEVEMENT

UNIT 2
LOOKING

INTO THE
FUTURE

UNIT 3

FASCINATING
PARKS

UNIT 4

BODY
LANGUAGE

UNIT 5

WORKING
THE LAND

WORKBOOK

Reading

Tu Youyou Awarded Nobel Prize
Find descriptive words

The Man Who Changed Our
Understanding of the Universe

Heroes in Your Eyes

Smart Homes to Make Life Easier
Identify purpose and audience

Should We Fight New Technology?

Cloning: Where Is It Leading Us?

Sarek National Park—Europe’s Hidden
Natural Treasure

Use subheadings
Theme Parks—Fun and More Than Fun
A Letter from Shangri-La

Listening to How Bodies Talk
Make inferences

How Do | Know My Students?

Animal Body Language

A Pioneer for All People
Use word formation to guess the meaning
Chemical Versus Organic Farming

Better, Greener Lives Away from the City

Unit1 p.61
Unit2 p.68
Unit3  p.75
Unit4 p.82
Unit5 p.89

Listening

People of achievement

Listen for reasons

The woman | admire

Predictions
Listen for predictions

Artificial Intelligence

Having fun in Beijing
Olympic Forest Park

Listen for directions

Polynesian Cultural
Centre

Non-verbal
communication

Infer meaning

Humans and chimps

World hunger

Identify supporting
evidence

Agricultural news
Speaking

Giving time to think

Making predictions

Asking for and
giving directions

Asking for and
giving clarification

Pronunciation:
sense group

Sharing your
opinions

Writing

A description of
someone you
admire

An opinion essay
about changes
caused by
technology

An introduction
to a park

A description of
body language

An argumentative
essay on
farming

APPENDICES

Structure

Non-restrictive
relative clauses

The future progressive
tense

*Project *Video Time

Prepare a book report “Mei Lanfang: Great

Artist, Cultural

The -ing form (3)
as the subject

Ambassador
Write a letter to Flight of the
yourself from the RoboBee
future
Create your BioBlitz:

ideal theme park

Life in 24 Hours

The -ing form (4) Make a body The Immigrant
as the object andthe —_ language
predicative information sheet
Subject clauses Make a poster of Earth University
your favourite dish,
from field to plate
Notes p. 96
Grammar p. 103
Words and Expressions in Each Unit p. 106
Vocabulary p. 112
Irregular Verbs p. 119
Reading and Thinking

Describe people of achievement

1 Before you read, discuss these questions in groups.

1 What kind of person makes great discoveries?
2 Which is more important for making a great
discovery, talent or effort?

™@) 2 Scan the text and find descriptive words about
Tu Youyou.

2

Find descriptive words

Pay attention to the descriptive
words in a passage. These will
help you form a better impression
of the subject described in the
Passage.

TU YOUYOU AWARDED NOBEL PRIZE

6 October 2015

a year in Africa alone.

This year’s Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine has been
awarded to Tu Youyou (co-winner), whose research led to the
discovery of artemisinin, a crucial new treatment for malaria.
Artemisinin has saved hundreds of thousands of lives, and
has led to improved health for millions of people. Over 200
million people around the world get malaria each year, and
about 600,000 die from it. Artemisinin has become a vital part
of the treatment for malaria, and is thought to save 100,000 lives

Tu Youyou, a committed and patient scientist, was born in Ningbo, China, on
30 December 1930, and graduated from Peking University Medical School in
1955. After she graduated, she worked at the China Academy of Traditional
Chinese Medicine in Beijing. In 1967, the Chinese government formed a team
of scientists with the objective of discovering a new treatment for malaria, and
Tu Youyou was among the first researchers chosen. In the beginning, Tu Youyou
went to Hainan, where malaria was more common, to study malaria patients.
In 1969, she became the head of the project in Beijing, and decided to review
ancient Chinese medical texts to find traditional botanical treatments for the
disease. Her team examined over 2,000 old medical texts, and evaluated

280,000 plants for their medical properties. From their research, they discovered
and tested 380 distinct ancient Chinese medical treatments that showed

promise in the fight against malaria.

One medical text from the fourth century suggested using the extract from
sweet wormwood to treat a fever. Tu's team tested a collection of dried
wormwood leaves but found no effect. They then tried boiling fresh wormwood,
and using the liquid obtained from this to treat malaria, but this did not work
either. Their project got stuck. However, Tu Youyou would not acknowledge
defeat. She analysed the medical texts again, and by chance, she found one
sentence suggesting a different way to treat the wormwood. She concluded
that boiling the sweet wormwood apparently destroyed its medical properties.’

UNIT 1 PEOPLE OF ACHIEVEMENT

Using a lower temperature to draw out the extract, she found a substance that
worked. After failing more than 190 times, the team finally succeeded in 1971.
Tu Youyou and her team members even insisted on testing the medicine on
themselves to make sure that it was safe. Later, the medicine was tested on
malaria patients, most of whom recovered. This medicine, which was called
artemisinin, soon became a standard treatment for malaria.

According to Tu Youyou, the discovery of artemisinin was a team effort. Upon
hearing that she had been awarded the Nobel Prize, she said, “The honour is
not just mine. There is a team behind me, and all the people of my country.
This success proves the great value of traditional Chinese medicine. It is indeed
an honour for China’s scientific research and Chinese medicine to be spread
around the world.”

3 Circle the answers to the questions below.

1 Where would you most likely find this passage?

Alna blog. B In a book. Clnaletter. DIn anewspaper.
2 Passages like this are most often written in and '
A the active voice/offer many opinions B the first person/talk about feelings

C both active and passive voices/mostly contain facts

3 ”Which two pieces of information were not included in the passage?
A A quote from Tu Youyou.
B The details of how artemisinin was discovered.
Tu Youyous important contributions other than the discovery of artemisinin.
D Tu Youyou’s personal life.
E Tu Youyou’s road to discovering artemisinin.
F What Tu Youyou was awarded.
G Why artemisinin is an important discovery.

4 Read the text again and answer the questions.

Why is the discovery of artemisinin important?
What was the key to getting a good extract from the wormwood?
What numbers are mentioned in the text? What do they suggest?
Why is Tu Youyou considered a great person?

BOND +

5 Complete the flow chart. Then tell the story of how artemisinin was discovered.

Tu Youyou’s team examined > They found a medical text > They tested > They tried
, and suggesting E . ’
evaluated 5 but
; Vv
The medicine became They tested the They tested the Tey ced the
一 一 一 -一 全 4 4 eager sweet wormwood extract
malaria. : to see if safe. ie

UNIT 1. PEOPLE OF ACHIEVEMENT 3
4

Learning About Language

Build up your vocabulary

1

4

Write down the word that matches each definition. Then find the sentences
containing these words in the text.

cook something in very hot water

relating to plants

qualities or characteristics of something

a kind of substance that flows freely, such as water or milk
physical material that exists

a hon 一

Guess the meaning of the underlined words. Then fill in the blanks with
words that have the same roots.

1 The two flowers are quite distinct from one another, so it is easy to make a
between them.

2 Scientists need to how the new material stands up to wear and tear to prove
how valuable it is.

3 A talented scientist well known for his to his country, Huang Danian
committed himself to his research in geophysics.

4 A: Did you come to any conclusions?
B: Yes, we that by drawing out the extract at a low temperature, we could

find the substance that we needed to complete the experiment.

5 She spends a lot of time her patients’ dreams. This analysis is very helpful,
explaining their daily behaviour very well.

Read the passage about Lu Xun. Fill in the blanks with the correct forms of
the words in the box.

insist obtain objective acknowledge apparently crucial

Lu Xun, as one of the greatest modern writers in China, was born in Shaoxing,
Zhejiang Province in 1881. In 1904, he went to Japan and became a medical student, with
the of improving people’s health and saving lives. However, he changed his
mind when he saw in a photo a Chinese man about to be killed by a Japanese soldier. It
struck him that the other Chinese men in the photo did not care about what
was happening to their fellow countrymen. From this, he concluded that the

problem in China was not physical illness, but the spiritual illness of people at that time.
Following this, he quit medical school. When he returned to China in 1908, he

a teaching job. In 1917, a friend that he help write for a magazine called New
Youth. That was how his first famous short story A Madman’s Diary got published.

In pairs, discuss how people can achieve success, using words and expressions
you have learnt in this unit.

UNIT 1 PEOPLE OF ACHIEVEMENT
Discover useful structures

1

Read the following sentences and underline the relative clauses. Then name
the two types of clauses and state their functions.

e They tested hundreds of Chinese medical treatments that showed promise in the fight
against the disease.

e Tu Youyou was awarded the Nobel Prize, which is considered one of the highest
international honours a person can receive.

e Tu Youyou went to Hainan, where malaria was more common, to study malaria patients.

e Later, the medicine was tested on malaria patients, most of whom recovered.

Rewrite the sentences using non-restrictive relative clauses. How do the
sentences flow differently?

EXAMPLE

The book tells us about Alexander Fleming. He discovered penicillin. »

The book tells us about Alexander Fleming, who discovered penicillin.

1 We were very impressed by the old man. He was not willing to acknowledge defeat. »

2 Afterwards, Einstein had to flee Germany. Hitler was in power there. 上

3 There is nothing we can do to help Linda. Her circumstances are beyond our control. >

4 The teacher asked us to listen to a speech by his favourite novelist, J.K. Rowling. It inspired
us a lot.»

5 The building under construction was designed by |.M. Pei 一 a famous Chinese-American
architect. He was born in Guangzhou, China. »

6 | was asked to explain the project with the help of a flow chart. It was a big challenge
for me. 上

Work in groups. Complete the sentences using non-restrictive relative clauses
to give extra information. Then share them with your group members.

EXAMPLE

I'd like to try ..., ...

I'd like to try that Chinese herbal medicine again, which seems to work best for my cough.
1 | would like to travel around ..., ...

2 What impressed me most ..., ...

3 My favourite scientist is ..., ...

4 Finally we arrived at..., ...

5 My grandparents like ..., ...

6 | wish to obtain ..., ...

7 My best friend ..., ...

UNIT 1 PEOPLE OF ACHIEVEMENT

Using Language

Explore the meaning of greatness

¢) 1 Match the people with their achievements. Then listen to a conversation between
Dr Wang, his daughter Wang Lin, and his daughter's friend Anna, and check your

answers.

1 Elon Musk A founder of modern nursing

2 Bill Gates B founded high-tech and futuristic companies
3 Jack Ma (Ma Yun) C managed the SARS outbreak

4 Alexander Fleming D made great advancement in online shopping
5 Florence Nightingale E made home computing accessible

6 Zhong Nanshan F discovered penicillin

©) 2 Listen to the conversation again. Who does each speaker admire? Tick in the
table below.

Dr Wang Wang Lin Anna Smith
Elon Musk
Bill Gates
Jack Ma
Zhong Nanshan
Florence Nightingale

Alexander Fleming

Dr Wang
©) 3 Listen again and answer the questions. s

Listen for reasons
1 Why does Dr Wang say “money isn’t everything”? When people give their opinions
_ or decisions on a matter they often
2 What is the real reason Anna admires the famous people， give reasons for them. Sometimes,
and what examples does she give? the reason is introduced by words
such as because or due to. At other
3 What kind of person do you think Wang Lin admires? times, the reason is given right
Why? after the opinion or decision, and

the link can be inferred.

0 UNIT 1 PEOPLE OF ACHIEVEMENT
4 Work in groups. Brainstorm the names of some great people and write them
in the table below.

enor

Na

fo

5 Discuss what makes these people great. Try to use the following language fillers
to give yourself time to think.

Giving time to think

(Er/Oh/Um,) let me see/think ... Right./Sure.

Well, er, ... Really? |
Yeah, I mean, I understand what youre saying .. Well, I guess ... |
Anyway, ... You see/know, ...

Just a moment. $0, 3.

Hang on a second. Well, its on the tip of my tongue.

May I think about that for a moment? Ive nearly got it, er, ...

How can/shall/should I put this/it? What I want to say is ...

Let me think about this/that for a moment.

6 Use your discussion to draw conclusions about the meaning of greatness.
The following expressions may help you. Then report back to the class.

The greatest person | know of is … who ... has achieved financial success

To be great, a person should ... has invented new products

To me, greatness means ... has made great discoveries

Why do you think that? serves as a good role model

That's true, but ... brings happiness to other people

| want to be like because he/she ... makes great contributions to society

UNIT 1 PEOPLE OF ACHIEVEMENT 7
Introduce someone you admire

™@) 1 What do you know about Albert Einstein? Read the text and complete the timeline.
Then introduce Einstein’s life story and achievements in your own words.

THE MAN WHO CHANGED OUR UNDERSTANDING OF THE UNIVERSE

Albert Einstein, who is perhaps the greatest scientist in modern physics,

is often considered one of the smartest men who ever lived. He made

numerous contributions to the world, the most well-known being

the general theory of relativity and the famous formula E=mc’.
Einstein was not only a genius; he was a courageous and kind
figure loved by many people.

This gentle genius was born in Germany on 14 March 1879.

When he was 16, he tried to enter university in Switzerland, but

failed due to his low scores in the general part of the entrance

exam, despite obtaining exceptional scores in maths and physics.
After studying for another year, he managed to pass the exam,
entering university in 1896 and graduating in 1900.

After two years of looking for work as a teacher, Einstein took a job
as a clerk in the Swiss patent office. While working there, out of a strong

passion for knowledge, he continued to study, earning a doctorate in physics
in 1905. That same year, which was later recorded as a miracle year in science, he
published four extraordinary physics papers. Following this, he gradually became
famous throughout the world as the new Isaac Newton. After four years, he was able to
quit his job at the patent office and enter research full-time at a university. In 1922, he
was awarded the 1921 Nobel Prize for Physics for his explanation of the photoelectric
effect.

Circumstances changed in 1933, when Hitler came to power in Germany. Einstein, who
was Jewish, found the doors of academic institutions closed to him. As a consequence,
he had to flee Germany. After spending time in Europe, he finally took up a position as
a researcher at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, USA. Following that, he
continued to make great achievements in physics and mathematics.

To the public, he was seen as a slightly odd-looking but kind and funny man. He had a
thick moustache and long white hair, which sometimes stood on end as though he had
just received an electric shock. Although he was a genius, he sometimes forgot things,
like his friends’ birthdays. But despite his peculiarities, he was loved by his friends and
neighbours. There is even a story about how he helped a little girl who knocked on his
door and asked for help with her homework. In fact, Einstein often encountered people
on the street who would stop him and ask him to help explain things. After many such

occasions, he finally started saying, “Pardon me! Sorry! Always I am mistaken for
Professor Einstein!”

On 18 April 1955, it was reported that Einstein had passed away, and the whole world
mourned the great loss of a brilliant scientist.

Born in Germany |

2 Inpairs, discuss the following questions.

1

Apart from his remarkable achievements, what does the passage tell us about Einstein’s life?

2 What impressed you most about Einstein? State your reasons.

3 Study the organisation and language features.

1

What type of writing is this text? How does the writer develop the text?

2 Find the descriptions that tell us what Einstein looked like and what kind of person he was.

3 What rhetorical devices are used in the passage? Give examples.

4 Write an introduction about someone you admire.

1

Choose the person you are going to write about. It should be someone you think is great in
some way. It can be an ordinary person, such as a parent, a relative, or a friend.

Make a list of things that need to be included in your introduction.

3 Use your notes to write your introduction and sum up how you feel about this person. |

5 Exchange your draft with a partner.

1

Use the checklist to help you review your partner's draft.

w Does the writer describe the person's appearance and personality?
Y Does the writer tell an impressive story of the person's life?

¥ Does the writer say why the person is great?

Y Does the writer sum up how he/she feels about this person?

2 Take your draft back and revise it.

6 Share your introduction with the rest of the class.

UNIT 1 PEOPLE OF ACHIEVEMENT 9
Assessing Your Progress

1 Complete the sentences with the correct forms of the words in the box.

gentle sum up circumstance encounter novelist patent

1 To our surprise, he was actually the and caring father of three children.

2 To , his fame and wealth were gained through hard work and his in-depth
knowledge of his business.

A genius for invention, Thomas Edison obtained scores of
Under no should we do terrible things to other people.
As a botanist, he takes notes on the properties of any plant he

oa fF Ww

The first-person narrator is a stylistic device that has been used by many and
poets throughout the ages.

2 What do you know about Sun Yat-sen? Read the passage, and then fill in the
blanks with relative pronouns or adverbs.

Sun Yat-sen (1866-1925) was widely considered to be the founder and forerunner of
modern China. He was only in power for a short time, when he was president of the country
in 1912. So it may seem odd to some people knowledge of China may be
limited that he is such an important figure. However, his influence is not based on his time
in office, but on his continuous struggle for a better society and his concern for all Chinese
people. He also put forward many advanced ideas brought the Chinese
people together, in particular, the Three Principles of the People. These principles were
inspired by Lincoln, he admired, and were developed when he was travelling
overseas, he went to find support for his country. The first principle is about
nationalism, indicates that China should never be divided and should not be
under any foreign control. The second is about people's rights. It means that all people have
great value and should also have the same rights. The third is about people’s livelihood,

means that the government should create opportunities for people to make a
good living.

© REFLECTING

© Did this unit cause you to change your thoughts about greatness? If so, how?
© Will what you have learnt in this unit inspire you to improve yourself? If so, how?
© What was the most important idea that you learnt in this unit?

© Overall, | thought this unit was inspiring useful so-so > difficult.

10 UNIT1 PEOPLE OF ACHIEVEMENT
*Project: Prepare a book report

1 Discuss these questions in groups.

1

Have you ever read a biography or an autobiography of a great person? Would you

recommend this book? Why or why not?

Which great person would you like to read more about?

Where can you find recommendations for good biographies or autobiographies?

The book tells the life story
of the novelist Cao Xuegin,
author of The Dream of the
Red Mansions. Cao was
born to a rich family but
suffered great poverty for
most of his life. He drew on
his life experiences to write
this famous novel, which
was published after his
death.

Even though Keller wrote
this autobiography when
she was only 22 years old, it
is considered a great book
in American literature. It
tells about her dark and
silent childhood, and how
her teacher, Anne Sullivan,
opened up a new world to
her by teaching her how to
communicate.

Isaacson interviewed Steve
Jobs over forty times, and
interviewed hundreds of
Jobs’ friends, relatives,
and rivals to sum up Jobs’
remarkable life. The result is
an interesting story of a man
driven to succeed and driven
to make perfect products.

2 Choose a biography or autobiography of a great person. Read the book, and then
write a book report. Keep these points in mind:

Use the examples above to help you.

Write about how the book makes you feel or think about that person.

Write about your overall feelings about the book and its quality.

Give your opinion: Should others read this book as well? Why or why not?

3 Present your book report to your group. Answer any questions about the book.

UNIT 1 PEOPLE OF ACHIEVEMENT

12

BEFORE YOU WATCH

Try to match the time phrases with

1
2
3
4
5
6
7

at age 8 A
in his 20s

in 1919

after eight years of attempts
over 50 years on stage

in 1961

in 1894

on7mmooaD

WHILE YOU WATCH

Mei Lanfang: Great Artist, Cultural
Ambassador

Mei Lanfang is still known today as one of the masters
of Beijing Opera. He played a key role in bringing
Beijing Opera to the world, leading to the international
status and recognition that it has today. Mei Lanfang
is still widely remembered for his skill, his kindness,
and his deep love for his country.

the events in Mei Lanfang’s life.

born in Beijing

succeeded in taking Beijing Opera to the USA
died of heart disease

developed a style called the “Mei Lanfang School”
began to travel and perform abroad

started to learn Beijing Opera

became known internationally for his acting skill

1 Check your answers in Before You Watch.

2 Complete the sentences.

1 The great Indian author Rabindranath Tagore

Mei Lanfang.
2 Inthe USA, many fans

about

after the performances to

shake his hand.

3 Mei Lanfang brought Beijing Opera abroad so that more people could
of Chinese culture and art.

4 When Japanese troops invaded China, Mei Lanfang

AFTER

Discuss these questions in groups.

1 How did Mei Lanfang become a legend in the art of Beijing Opera?

Why is Mei Lanfang greatly loved by so many people?

Who else can you think of that has committed himself/herself to the development of China’s

art or music culture?

UNIT 1 PEOPLE OF ACHIEVEMENT
13

Reading and Thinking

Exchange views on smart homes

1 Before you read, discuss these questions in groups.

1 What does it mean when we say that

something such as a phone is “smart”? 0 Identify purpose and audience
The types of phrases used in a passage help identify
its purpose. For example, the phrase in my opinion
tells us that the passage is likely meant to persuade.
And a text that uses imperatives is likely meant
to instruct. A passage’s content helps identify its
audience. For example, a passage that gives tips
on looking after pets would have pet owners as its

2 What do you think a “smart” house can do
that other houses cannot?

=) 2 Skim the text and answer these
questions.

1 What is the purpose of the text?

2 Whois the intended audience of this text?

audience.

SMART HOMES TO MAKE LIFE EASIER

Have you ever forgotten to lock the door
of your house? Or, have you ever forgotten
to switch off the TV or computer? These
kinds of things happen to us all the time,
waste resources, and can sometimes
lead to problems. However, in the not-
too-distant future, we will be living in
smart homes that will lock the door for
us when we are away and remember to
switch off the TV when we forget. These
smart homes will keep us secure, save us
energy, and provide a more comfortable
environment to live in.

Intelligent Controls

Today, we have to use switches for our
lights, knobs for our appliances, and
remote controls for our TVs and air
conditioners. In the future, we will be
using advanced technology every day
for automatic control of just about
everything in our home. The future home
will use integrated sensors to tell when

you leave home each morning, and then
go into an energy-efficient mode all by
itself. You will no longer have to think
about turning switches on and off yourself.
Your home will also learn your daily
routine and preferences, so everything
will be ready for you when you get home
each evening. Your lights will come on the
instant you enter the door along with your
favourite music or TV programmes, and

| you will find your dinner already prepared

for you. All controls will respond to voice
commands, so if you want to change your
routine, you just say aloud what you want
and the home system will obey.

Regular Health Checks

In addition, your smart home will be
monitoring your health for you every day.
Your bed, for example, will record how
well you sleep every night. It will also be
checking your body weight. If you start
to have sleep or weight problems, it will

send a warning to your phone. It will also | there is a short in the electrical wiring, your
give you suggestions on a healthier diet | smart home will detect it and provide you
and how to sleep better. Smart toilets will | with the relevant information. This way,
be keeping constant track of your health | you will be able to fix the problem before
as well. They can warn you early on if | your home becomes flooded or catches fire.

there is something abnormal or if you
have a critical illness, such as cancer,and | This smart technology is not a fantasy.

|
|
|
|
|

potentially save your life. Many of these new innovations are already
: available and being used in some homes. In
No More Disasters this sense, the home of tomorrow is already

Smart homes will be able to prevent | the home of today. Nevertheless, it will
serious damage from accidents. For | take some years before most new homes
example, ifa water pipe starts leaking, or if | begin to use this new technology.

3 Read the text again and fill in the table below.

In the future, what will smart homes do about ...?

doors dinners
TVs, computers beds
water pipes, toilets

electrical wires

lights, favourite music, or TV programmes

4 Complete the summary using the correct forms of the words from the text.

A smart home is one that i computers into the structure of the building itself. In this
way, many of the things that we now do ourselves will become a . For example, the
smart home could control the air conditioning and lights so that you would no longer have to
turn s on and off, making your home more energy-e . The smart home
could also m itself to make sure that everything is working as it should, and send
you w if there is a problem. Such smart homes could even be programmed to
d your health problems, and then give you 上 advice as to the food you
should eat or if you should see a doctor. So, in a sense, smart homes will lead us to living smarter

lives.

5 Work in groups. Discuss these questions.
1 In what way is the home of tomorrow already the home of today?

2 What might be some of the disadvantages of smart homes?

UNIT 2 LOOKING INTO THE FUTURE = 15
Learning About Language

Build up your vocabulary

1 Write as many correct pairs of “verb + noun” phrases as possible.

Verbs: detect, integrate, leak, switch Nouns: a preference, routine, a warning, cancer,
on/off, monitor, cure, have, become, learning, the heater, air quality, potential dangers,
issue, encourage, repair, reject oil, innovation, the electrical wiring, fantasies

EXAMPLE _ detect potential dangers, have fantasies, ...

2 Complete the sentences with the adjectives in the box.

abnormal automatic available constant critical
efficient distant instant relevant secure
1 Big data will become much more in solving crimes in the future.
2 Many smart watches can provide fitness data.
3 It is possible that this technological fantasy will come true in the future.
4 After the accident, both drivers are in condition.
5 The fridge keeps food at a low temperature.
6 The air conditioner works in mode.
7 It is important to make food and water to the survivors.
8 Houses with advanced appliances will keep us and healthy.
9 We find the German transport system to be one of the most in Europe.
10 The sensors can detect anything and automatically call someone to come and

fix it.
3 Paraphrase the sentences using the words and phrases in brackets.

1 Care will also be taken to combine the building and surrounding architecture together to
form an effective system. (integrate)

2 We will probably benefit from remote-controlled houses. (potentially)

3 He insisted that everything in the smart home would be all right. However, | could not help
but feel anxious. (nevertheless)

4 It is a good habit to make certain that you know what is happening with your blood
pressure. (keep track of)

5 The monitoring system sends out warnings as soon as the car begins to leak oil. (the instant)

4 Add more elements in the mind map to build up your vocabulary.

-= Future life

[ Houses | 一 Transport —— Health L Security —— Work -一
L TL an as : I I I
integrated driverless health machines to |
sensors, ... cars, ... monitoring, detect
disasters, ...

16 UNIT 2 LOOKING INTO THE FUTURE
Discover useful structures

1 Look at the sentences below. One is in the simple future tense. The other is
in the future progressive tense. What different impressions do they make?

In the future, we will use advanced technology every day for automatic control of just about
everything in our home.

e In the future, we will be using advanced technology every day for automatic control of just
about everything in our home.

Find more sentences using the future progressive tense from the unit.
Rewrite them using the simple future tense. Try to feel the different
impressions they make.

2 Read the passage and complete the following sentences. |

Jack goes to school every weekday. He leaves home at 6:45 and arrives at school at about
7:30. His morning classes begin at 8:00 o’clock and continue until 12:15. Then he has lunch,
which takes about half an hour. His classes begin again at 1:30 in the afternoon and end at 3:50.
He goes to the school’s football club at 4:30 and finishes practice at 6:00. He arrives home at
about 6:45. Every day he follows the same routine and tomorrow will be no exception.

1 At6:30 a.m. tomorrow, ... A he'll be leaving the house. B he'll be at home.

2 At8:10a.m. tomorrow,... A he'll be having a class. B he'll have a class.

3 At 12:30 tomorrow, ... A he'll be having lunch. B he'll have lunch.

4 At5:00 p.m. tomorrow, ... A he'll be practising football. B he'll practise football.
5 At6:45 p.m. tomorrow, ... A he'll be arriving home. B he'll arrive home.

3 Fill in the blanks with the proper forms of the verbs in brackets.

1 You can call me then. | (not sleep).

2 They set off at 9:00 a.m. and thought they (reach) the airport an hour later.

3 Will you (wait) for me until | find the electrical wires?

4 Better not hang out with Sam then. He (work) on his article on critical
thinking.

5 | guess most parents (support) the new plan at the meeting tomorrow.

4 Work in pairs. Read the travel plan and make up a conversation using the
future progressive tense.

Fly to Beijing from Melbourne, arrive at 10:00 a.m.; Visit the Summer Palace in the
afternoon

Monday
Tuesday Morning: visit the Palace Museum; Afternoon: go to Wangfujing Street
Wednesday Go to the Great Wall, three hours’ drive there and back

Thursday Go sightseeing in Shichahai; Visit National Museum of China

Friday Trip to Zhangjiakou

Saturday Back to Beijing in the afternoon; Watch Beijing Opera at the Mei Lanfang Theatre.

Sunday Return to Melbourne

UNIT 2 LOOKING INTO THE FUTURE = 17
Using Language

Make predictions about future changes

1 What do these pictures show? Match the words with the pictures.

automation

nanobots

global warming

artificial

intelligence (Al)

cloning

2 Discuss these questions in groups. 0 es

When listening for predictions, you
1 How do you think these events or such should listen for the use of the future
technology might develop in the future? tepsey i patticular the future’ tense
. with will or will be doing. Words such
2 What challenges might they bring? as predict, prediction, and forecast, are

了 also used quite often when i
3 What opportunities might they bring? peak ons. mans

18 UNIT 2 LOOKING INTO THE FUTURE
@) 3 Listen toa radio interview with Dr Han and Vincent Black giving their predictions
about the future, and then fill in the table below.

Name Occupation Prediction

Dr Han

Vincent Black

4 Work in pairs. Discuss whether you think Dr Han and Vincent Black’s predictions
are possible. Why or why not?

5 In groups, brainstorm about the future. Discuss these points.

e future events or problems the world might face

* future technologies

© how these things will change the way we live

the challenges and opportunities these things might bring

6 Imagine that you have a job that makes you an expert in the future. In pairs,
interview each other about your jobs and predictions. Use the expressions in the
box to help you.

Making predictions

I think/believe/predict that in the future .. My prediction is that ...

By 2030, we will ... In the (distant) future there will …
I can imagine/forecast ... I doubt/dontt think that ...

One challenge will be … We will have the opportunity to ...
We will be doing … We are going to ...

UNIT 2 LOOKING INTO THE FUTURE
° ， Using Language

Welcome or reject future changes

™@) 1 Read the text and then decide whether the statements on page 21 are true (T) or
false (F).

SHOULD WE FIGHT NEW TECHNOLOGY?

This morning, I saw the shocking headline: “Passenger Dies When Car Crashes in Driverless
Mode”. In the article, various people said that the public should oppose the idea of developing
driverless cars. They said that some advances in technology were unnecessary and could
even be dangerous. Hence, we should cease accepting technology just because it is new. The
newspaper reported that the car company had already apologised for the accident, but the
families of the deceased said it was not enough. Nevertheless, the company still claimed that
most people would be travelling in driverless cars one day soon.

On the one hand, there are many different groups of people around the world who live happily
in the absence of new technology. Probably the most well known are the Amish, a group
of Christians living in rural America. They do not own or drive cars, watch TV, or use the
Internet. They have lived mainly as farmers since the 18th century, and they will probably
be living the same way in the distant future. They advocate a simple life with an emphasis
on hard work, family, and community. They think that is better than caring about luxuries or
following the lives of the rich and famous. It could even be argued that the Amish’s quality

of life is better since they live in and appreciate the natural environment rather than living in
large, polluted cities.

On the other hand, new technology has provided people everywhere with many benefits over
the years. For example, the latest weather-tracking computer programmes give people lots of
warnings about potential natural disasters, which saves many lives. Moreover, the Internet has
made it possible for friends and family to keep in touch easily even if they are on opposite
sides of the world. It has also made finding opportunities in life much easier, as it allows
people to make larger networks of friends through using social media.

Personally, I have benefited quite a lot from technological advances. I found my career as an
AI designer through a social media network. My health monitor, which I wear all the time, has
also helped me get into the best shape of my life. Of course, when new technology changes
the way we live, it can be a scary prospect. Nevertheless, I will always look on the positive
side of change and accept it rather than resist it.

20

1 Aperson died in an accident while driving a car. T F
2 The Amish avoid new technology because they do not want to have good lives. T e
3 Many disasters have been prevented by weather-tracking computer programmes. 7 F
4 Building large networks through social media helps us find new opportunities. T F
5 The author uses a health monitor to know how much exercise he/she needs. T F
2 Answer the following questions about the text.
1 Inwhich paragraphs does the author: Y 3
， ， Signposts
e describe the issue?
， Some words and phrases are used as
e。 give an opinion? signposts to help show a paragraph’s
* discuss the advantages? purpose. These usually come at the

- ; beginning or end of a paragraph.
discuss the disadvantages?

2 Underline the signpost words or phrases in the text. How do they help tell us the purpose of the
paragraphs?

3 Why did the author decide to write about this topic?

3 Use what you have learnt to express your opinion in an essay about the changes
that could be caused by advances in technology.

1 Work in groups. Brainstorm some future advances in technology, and their possible advantages
and disadvantages.

Advance in technology Advantage Disadvantage

2 Choose one of these advances in technology and answer the questions.
。 Why do you want to write about this topic?
se What is your own opinion on the topic?

3. Write your opinion in an essay.

4 Exchange your draft with a partner.

1 Use the checklist to help you review your partner's draft.
~ Does the essay say what the writer thinks about the topic?
/ Does the body discuss the advantages and disadvantages of the advance?
Y Are signposts used to help the reader understand the purpose of each paragraph?
~ Does the conclusion state the writer s position?

2 Take your draft back and revise it.

5 Share your essay with the rest of the class.

UNIT 2 LOOKING INTO THE FUTURE

21

Assessing Your Progress

1 Complete the dialogues with the correct forms of the words in the box.

luxury prospect rural absence
prediction essay network emphasis
1 A: Why are you so concerned?
B: We can’t win the case in the of relevant evidence.
2 A: It's difficult to make accurate about the effects on the environment.
B: | couldn't agree more. We should place more on environmental protection.
3 A: What are you working on?
B: I’m writing an on how to integrate individuals’ values and society’s needs.
4 A: How do you find working in your new office?
B: It’s great! The office allows users to share files and software, and to use a
central printer.
5 A: | don’t quite understand your choice. What might be the advantages of living in remote

areas?
B: The of getting a high-paying job is low, but | find it more meaningful to help
people there. In addition, | have the of breathing fresh air every day.

2 Read an introduction to the Future Library project. Fill in the blanks using the correct
forms of the words in the box.

The Future Library is a project by the artist Katie Paterson. It began with the cutting
down of trees in a forest north of Oslo, Norway, in 2014. The Future Library Trust

cut down
wood from these trees to build a special room—the Silent Room—in the
keep Oslo Public Library. In place of the trees that had been cleared, 1,000 new trees were
planted. Every year from 2014 until 2114, a different popular author one
use original story, and the librarians all the stories in the Silent Room, where
White visitors can look at them but not read them. In 2114, the organisers the
1,000 trees that were planted back in 2014. They will then use the wood for publishing
read the 100 books in the Silent Room. So, in 2114, people books that were
made from trees that are growing right now.
REFLECTING: x :

What new advances in technology introduced in this unit interested you?

How have your opinions about advances in technology changed because of this unit?
© What advances in technology would you like to learn more about?

Overall, | thought this unit was © cool ©) useful © so-so ©) difficult.

UNIT 2 LOOKING INTO THE FUTURE
*Project: Write a letter to yourself from the future

1 Imagine that your 50-year-old future self has sent you a letter about your future
career. What would that letter contain? Work in groups. Discuss the questions.

1 Which careers are you interested in?

2 How might future advances in technology change those careers?

3 What are the advantages and disadvantages of these future careers?
4 How might you best prepare for your future careers?

2 Choose the most interesting future career, and write a personal letter to yourself
from the future about that career. Your letter may include:

® adescription of the future career

® the advantages and disadvantages of the career

e the preparations that are (or are not) needed for the career
® drawings or photos illustrating the career

® agreeting and closing

Use the letter below to help you.

e self! I know that you are really worried about your future
this letter to put your mind at rest.

n't become a pilot as you wanted. In the future, large
lves and won't need pilots. But there is a big problem
low: no one uses cars anymore—they use personal jet
skies over the city get pretty busy! Someone needs to
lon't have accidents. And that's what you do: you're a jet

is that you don't have to leave home. Instead, you'll
nd m rophone to do your job while you are sitting on the sofa

use a virtual reality headse
drinking tea. But you will have to work on your people skills, as you will be talking to
people all day. The bad point? Too many jet packs in the sky! Sometimes it can be kind of
tense, and some people don't like to obey the rules or be told what to do.

All in all, I think you'll be happy with this job. But of course you will, because you're me!
Stop worrying! Your future is going to be great. Trust me.

Best regards,
Future Bingbing

3 Take turns presenting your letters
in class. Then vote on the most
interesting letter.

24

Flight of the RoboBee

RoboBees are small flying robots that are
being developed at the Wyss Institute of
Harvard University by a team headed by
Robert Wood.

BEFORE YOU WATCH

Predict what you are going to see. Think and circle the correct word(s) for
each sentence.

1

a BW ND

RoboBees are like bees in that they fly independently/together, but all work independently/
together.

Robert Wood is an explorer/a roboticist.

In the future, RoboBees could help explorers/policemen and doctors/photographers.
All of the RoboBees have crashed/flown successfully.

Like bees, every RoboBee has a job to do/obeys a queen bee.

WHILE YOU WATCH

1
2

Check your answers in Before You Watch.
Complete the quotes by Robert Wood with words you hear in the video.

1 .… robotics is the . It’s the next big thing to in
areas from medicine to even things like ，

2 We use nature to that we build.
3 … they can be quite useful for applications where you wouldn't or
an animal ...

4 If you don't fail, you .
5 If you want to make something fly, in nature.

AFTER

Discuss these questions in groups.

1

wo np

What might be some advantages of having many small robots that work together rather
than one large robot?

Specifically, how might RoboBees be used in a future application?

What other kinds of robots can be created from nature (e.g., a robotic lion or snake)? How
might these robots be used?

UNIT 2 LOOKING INTO THE FUTURE
In this unit, you will

1 read about Sarek National Park and some
theme parks.

2 listen to and talk about how to get to different
places ina park. :

3 write an introduction to a park.

4 learn about national parks around the world.

Reading and Thinking

Experience a national park 0
. . Use subheadings
i 5.
1 Before you read, discuss these questions in group 0
1 What kinds of parks have you been to? What were they like? the reader's eye and
， ， make him or her want
2 When you think of national parks, what comes to mind first? to read more. Working
out the idea behind the
m™) 2 Skim the text. Match the subheadings with the paragraphs. subheadings can help
you better understand
e ALand of Mountains and Ice ® Man at Peace with Nature the structure and the key
e A Land of Adventure e A Summer Where the Sun Never Sleeps points of the text.

1

| wake up to the sound of the wind buffeting the cloth of my tent. Even though the sun is brightly
shining, telling whether it is morning or night is impossible. I’m above the Arctic Circle, where in summer
the sun never sets. Checking my watch, | see that it is 7:30 a.m. | leave my tent and walk over to the
mountain edge. Spreading out before me, branches of the Rapa River flow through the valley below. I’m
in the remote far north of Sweden in Sarek National Park, a place with no roads or towns.

2
Sarek’s mountains used to be covered by vast sheets of ice. Around 9,000 years ago, this ice
melted, leaving behind about 100 glaciers. Soon after, reindeer began to arrive. Following the
reindeer were the Sami people, who made this territory their home. Getting here is quite difficult,
so apart from the Sami very few people have ever seen Sarek. In 1909, Sarek was made a national
park in order to keep the land in its natural state. Though the Sami are allowed to continue their
traditional way of life in the park, no one else can live here, and all new development is banned
within park boundaries. At the far side of the valley, an ancient Sami cottage is visible. Close by,
there are a few reindeer feeding on grass.

3
For hundreds of years, looking after reindeer was
a way of life for the Sami. They used the reindeer’s
meat for food, their bones for tools, and their skin for
making clothes and tents. Since reindeer were always
on the move, the Sami would pick up their tents and
accompany them. Today, most Sami have houses in
villages near Sarek and live a modern life just like their
neighbours. But every spring, a small number of Sami
still follow their reindeer into the valleys of Sarek, living

26 UNIT 3 FASCINATING PARKS
in tents or old cottages and enjoying their traditions. | am not a Sami, but in Sarek I’ve adopted
some of their habits. For example, this morning my breakfast is flat bread warmed over a fire, dried
reindeer meat, and some sweet and sour berries that | found growing near my tent.

4

After breakfast, | pack my bag and set out again. Since | must carry all of my food and supplies
with me, my bag weighs about 30 kilograms. If today is anything like yesterday, it will be full of
sweat and hard work as | hike over this difficult land to my destination on the other side of the
valley. However, | cannot complain. Being in such a beautiful and wild place makes me feel blessed
to be alive. Here | am, alone under this broad sky, breathing the fresh air, and enjoying this great
adventure. What could be better?

3

4

Read the text again and answer these questions.

How many hours a day does the sun shine in summer in Sarek?

What steps has the Swedish government taken to keep Sarek in its natural state?
How has life changed for the Sami? Why might so few Sami want to live in Sarek?
Why does the writer think the sweat and hard work is worth it?

apron 一

Would you like to visit Sarek? Why or why not?

Are these senses used to describe Sarek in the text? If so, explain how.

Sight Touch Smell Taste Sound

Complete the passage using the correct forms of the words from the text.

In the remote far north of Sweden, in Sarek National Park above the Arctic Circle, | wake
up to the sound of the wind b the cloth of my tent. Standing at the e

of the mountain, watching the Rapa River f through the valley below, | feel so
b ____ to be alive and have this rare opportunity to explore this unique t i
which is almost unknown to the outside world.

Once covered by v sheets of ice, Sarek’s mountains are home to the Sami, the
native residents of the park. The Sami lived off reindeer, moved with them, and a

them for hundreds of years. Today, most Sami have left their ancient c in the
mountain valleys and live a modern life in villages near Sarek instead.

To keep its natural state, except for the Sami, no one is allowed to live in Sarek, and all new
development is b within the park b . It is hoped that Sarek National Park
will always remain as it is, natural and beautiful.

6 Work in groups. Discuss these questions.

1 Is it worth making a place like Sarek a national park? Give your reasons.

2 Do you think setting up national parks is an effective way to balance development and the
protection of nature? Why or why not? .

UNIT 3 FASCINATING PARKS

27
Learning About Language

Build up your vocabulary

1 Match each word with its proper meaning and make a sentence with it.

( 1 buffet v. A_ the outer limit of an object

2 buffet n. B an official or legal prohibition
3 edge v. C ameal with several dishes from which people serve themselves
4 edgen. D move carefully towards something
5 ban v. E far from, not close

) 6 bann. F officially or legally prohibit

) 7 remote adj. G (especially of wind or wave) strike repeatedly with a lot of force
8 remote n. H (informal) a device for controlling something else from a distance

2 Work out the meanings of the underlined words in the sentences below and
state whether they are compounds or derivatives.

| believe that a journalist should be completely objective.

Whenever | sneeze, my English teacher says, “Bless you!”

We are impressed by the vastness and breathtaking beauty of the oceans.

He bought a traditional tea set at the airport: a nice teapot and four teacups.

He ordered the dish labelled “Pumpkin Pie and Ice Cream”.

a 上 mm 一

3 Complete the passage below with the correct forms of the words in the box.
boundary visible remote vast on the move ban set up

The Northeast Tiger and Leopard National Park was in Jilin and Heilongjiang, with

stretching all the way to the border and joining with Russia’s wildlife reserves.
This new park is nearly four times larger than the old wildlife park protecting
Siberian tigers in Northeast China. Over the years, increased development in the area affected
the tigers’ habitat, and it was thought that by 1998 there were only six to nine wild Siberian
tigers living in the region. However, a on development put in place
in 2015 resulted in a population increase of the species, and now the area is
thought to have about 35 tigers and 70 leopards. The problem, however, was that the old
park was too small to support further population increases. Always , Siberian
tigers and leopards need large areas to hunt for food. This larger park, with a connection to
Russia's wildlife reserves across the border, should give these species the natural space they
need to live in.

28 UNIT 3 FASCINATING PARKS
Discover useful structures

1

Identify the function of the -ing form in the sentences below. Then find more
sentences with the -ing form from the reading passage and state their functions.

e Getting here is quite difficult.
e Being in such a beautiful and wild place makes me feel blessed to be alive.

Rewrite each of the following sentences using the -ing form as the subject. How
does the sentence focus change?

EXAMPLE

It is challenging yet really fascinating to hike through the mountains in the pathless Sarek. »
Hiking through the mountains in the pathless Sarek is challenging yet really fascinating.

1 Itis both challenging and rewarding to study abroad. »

It would hardly be possible to go on a hiking tour in Sarek in winter due to the extreme cold. >
Honestly, it can be both exciting and terrifying to explore a vast unknown land. >

It is good to adopt a positive attitude, even when things are difficult. >

It is strongly advised to hire local guides, because they can offer accurate knowledge of

a fk wD

Sarek culture and history. >

Fill in each blank using the -ing form of a verb from the box and state its
function. One word will be used twice.

combine cover grow take limit walk experience

Xixi National Wetland Park, 10 square kilometres in western Hangzhou, is the
first national wetland park in China. city life, nature, and wetlands makes the park
a popular destination both for tourists and local residents. At Xixi, a boat tour,

along paths, and local customs and traditions of the villages in this park

are at the top of the list of people’s favourite activities. With trees, bushes, and colourful flowers
along the riversides, the park shows different sides of beauty in different seasons.
In order to better develop as well as preserve this
place, human impact on Xixi Wetland
was considered by the park designers. All the
new buildings were designed in a traditional way
to fit into the natural environment. This green,
watery world is home to many birds and fishes.
With trees in the shallows, the
wetland is a natural system for providing clean
water and producing oxygen, which makes it the ，
“green lungs of Hangzhou”.

Choose a place in your city or town as a destination for a school trip. Use the
passage above as an example and write about your choice.

UNIT 3 FASCINATING PARKS

29
Using Language

Visit a city park

1 Look at the photos taken in Beijing Olympic Forest Park. Match them with the
activities below. Write the correct letter in each circle.

A rent acycle B walk through an underwater corridor
C_ rent a pedal boat D watch a fountain performance
E goon achildren’s ride F look at flowers

4 2 Lintin and Yuhui are taking Jake to Beijing Olympic Forest Park. Listen to their
conversation. Tick which activities they are going to do above.

© 3 Look at the map. Listen to the conversation 化

again and finish the activities below. enor eee

Listening for directions can be difficult,

1 Draw the route that Jake, Linlin, and Yuhui as often a lot of information is given in a
short time. You could listen for sequence

will take. ae
2 Markthe ol th il visit on th eh words and direction words. You can also
ark ine places ey will vISIL On Ine Map DEIOw. try to form a mental map of where you are

going while the other person is talking.

30 UNIT 3 FASCINATING PARKS
4 Work in pairs. Role-play visiting the park. Take turns giving directions to different
places in the park. Use the words and phrases below to help you.

Asking for and giving directions

Excuse/Pardon me. Do you happen to know where ... is?

How do I get to ...? How far is ...?

Is ... nearby? Is ... close to ...?

Is ... far from ...? ItS on the north/south/east/west side of the park.
ItS about ... metres north of ... Go through ...

Walk/Go along the river/path ... Follow the (main) path to ...

When you see the ..., you are close to ... Its .… metres from here.

Go straight ahead (until you come to ...).

Explore theme parks and write about a park
m@) 1 Read the text and then fill in the table on page 32.

“THE “ME PARKS *

FE UCN A DN OR ead HAN cL
se

Which theme park would you like to visit? There are various kinds of theme
parks, with different parks for almost everything: food, culture, science, cartoons,
movies, history, and so on. Some parks are famous for having the biggest or
longest roller coasters, others for showing famous sights and sounds. Whichever
and whatever you like, there is an incredible theme park that will appeal to you!

The theme park you are probably most familiar with is Disneyland,
which can be found in several parts of the world. Disneyland will
bring you into a magical world and make your childhood dreams
come true. Travelling through space, visiting a pirate ship, or
meeting an adorable fairytale or cartoon character are all possible
at Disneyland. As you wander around the fantasy amusement
park, you may see Snow White or Mickey Mouse in a parade or
even on the street. Of course, Disneyland also has many exciting
rides to amuse you, from enormous swinging ships to scary free-
fall drops. If you want to have fun and more than fun, come to
Disneyland!
Dollywood, in the beautiful Smoky Mountains in the
southeastern USA, is unique because it shows and
celebrates America’s traditional southeastern culture.
Famous country music groups put on performances there
all year round, indoors and outdoors. People come from
all over America to see skilled workers make wood, glass,
and iron objects in the old-fashioned way. Visiting the
candy shop and trying some of the same kind of candy
that American southerners made 150 years ago is a rare
experience. Riding on the only steam engine still working in the southeastern United States is a
special treat. And for those who like rides, Dollywood has a superb old wooden roller coaster,
Thunderhead. It is world-famous for having the longest track in the smallest space. Come to
Dollywood to have fun learning all about America’s historical southeastern culture!

Chimelong Ocean Kingdom in Zhuhai, China, is one of the leading ocean-themed parks in the
world. Here you can walk under the Whale Shark Aquarium—the world’s largest—and see
up to 20,000 fish, in addition to a whale shark 68 metres in length. Watching the dolphin and
sea lion shows is both educational and fun. Of course, you can also see all kinds of interesting
animals, including polar bears. The park has more rides than you can imagine: join a water fight
against pirates, get turned upside down by an exciting roller coaster, or get wet in one of the
water rides! Then at night, see the splendid Journey of Lights Parade and fireworks display.
Hungry? The park has plenty of restaurants with tasty food for every appetite—you can even
eat while watching the fish swim by. If it is ocean entertainment that you are looking for, come
to Chimelong Ocean Kingdom!

A B Cc D
Disneyland Travel through space; _A parade of
(various locations) visit a ;
Dollywood in put on
Thunderhead performances there

Water fight against Whale Shark Plenty of restaurants
pirates; exciting roller © Aquarium; with
coaster; water rides

Chimelong Ocean
Kingdom in

polar bears

UNIT 3 FASCINATING PARKS

2 Study the language features.

1 The table on page 32 shows the introductions to each theme park. What headers would
you give for columns A to D?

A Name and location B
Cc D
2 Find the following items in the text, and then discuss in groups how they are used and what
they add to the text.
A adjectives B if-clauses C imperatives
3 Use what you have learnt to write an introduction to a park.
1 Choose the park you wish to write about.
2 Make a mind map about the park.
3 Use your notes to write your draft.
Shows
Food es Rides
Attractions Other
(Name of park) in (place) é
4 Exchange your draft with a partner.
1 Use the checklist to help you review your partner’s draft.
w Is the introduction clear?
v Does the writer include all the important points about the park?
v Does the writer provide any additional information about the park?
~ Does the writer use -ing forms?
. Does the writer use correct grammar, punctuation, and spelling?
2 Take your draft back and revise it.
5 Post your introduction in the classroom or read it to your class.

UNIT 3 FASCINATING PARKS

33
Assessing Your Progress

1 Read the passage and fill in the blanks with the correct forms of the words in
the box.

vast remote fascinating territory bless accompany appealto

My name is Svetlana and | have worked as a guide at Lake Baikal ( 贝加尔 湖 ) for more than
10 years. Lying in a pretty location in Siberia, the deep and lake with
more than 300 rivers flowing into it is one of the world’s greatest natural wonders.

Every season, | and guide tourists. Baikal is a with unique wildlife,
breathtaking beauty, and local culture.

Ancient, inspiring, mysterious, and beautiful, Lake Baikal visitors like no other place
on the earth. | feel to have been born here, and | am looking forward to many more

years of welcoming visitors to an unforgettable experience at Baikal.

2 Answer these questions using the -ing form of the verb phrases in brackets.
Then write down at least two more questions and answers of your own.

1 What impressed you most when visiting Zhangye Danxia Geopark? (see the colourful
mountains and rocky landscape)

2 What tops the list of tourists’ favourite activities in Zhangjiajie? (admire the magnificent
peaks/landscape, take a raft ride, experience the local customs of the Tujia people and the
Miao people)

3 What do tourists like to do at Guilin’s Li River? (take a boat tour, admire the karst landscape)

4 What activities would appeal to adventurous tourists in Lijiang, Yunnan Province? (view
glaciers at Yulong Snow Mountain, listen to the sound of rushing water at Tiger Leaping
Gorge)

QREFLECTING

© What did you learn about parks that you did not know before?

© What else would you like to learn about parks?

® Of the parks in this unit, which would you like to visit most? Why?

© What problems did you or your friends have in studying this unit? How did you solve
them? What advice did you give each other?

® Overall, | thought this unit was © interesting ©) useful © so-so © difficult.

34 UNIT 3 FASCINATING PARKS

*Project: Create your ideal theme park

1 Discuss these questions in groups.

1 What kind of theme park do you want to create? You can choose one of the ideas below,
or one of your own.

life in space ocean adventure food
life in the future local culture science birds and fish
history stories dinosaurs climbing

2 What will your park offer visitors? Come up with at least three things for each category
below, and give them interesting names.

Rides and attractions Shows and events Restaurants and food stands

2 Assign group members to prepare the following:

e ashort introduction to the park.
e alarge and colourful map of the park showing where everything is located.
e small pictures of the things discussed.

3 Put your introduction, map, and pictures together to make a poster.
Use the poster below to help you.

CHANG’E LUNAR WONDERLAND

Looking for excitement and adventure?
Welcome to the fantastic Chang’e Lunar Wonderland,
where past dreams become future reality!

PREM
Giant
Roiler Coaster

|. Sa |

5 Moon Palace
} —*
Taikonaut Space Bar ‘ Jade Emperor's
Aj 4 Music Show
The White Rabbit
Light Show

4 Present your poster to the class, and give an introduction to your theme park.

UNIT 3 FASCINATING PARKS

35
* Video Time tm

BioBlitz: Life in 24 Hot
This video shows a BioBlitz 1
Park, which runs through Was
“Bio” means life, while “blitz”.

energetic effort to do something

BEFORE YOU WA

Work in groups. Use the phrases in the box to describe what is going on in the
photos, and then discuss what you think a BioBlitz is.

park ranger

people wearing orange
vests

a person holding a frog

a woman showing how to
use a butterfly net

an insect trying to escape
a Petri dish ( 培养 四 )

amantaking photos

WHILE YOU WATCH
Decide if the following statements are true (T) or false (F).

1 Dr Pimm says, “The extraordinary thing about this BioBlitz is just how

little stuff there is here! There really aren’t many wild animals here.” fo) EL
| 2 Park rangers show a group how to catch frogs. |
3 David Littschwager is taking photos of insects. He says, “I don’t like
| spiders.” 7) FF
4 Even at the end, there were a lot of plants and creatures that they
couldn't identify. o)] &
5 The real purpose of the BioBlitz is to get people interested in the
| biodiversity that’s all around them, even in their own backyards. = FL

AFTER YOU WA

Discuss these questions in groups.

1 This BioBlitz was conducted in the middle of a large city. Do you think there is as much
biodiversity in your city or town? Why or why not?

2 Are there any parks in your city or town where you can find many different kinds of plants
and animals? What activities can you do there?

36 UNIT 3 FASCINATING PARKS
Reading and Thinking

Understand body language

1 Choose five sentences and act them out without speaking. Can your partner
guess what you are trying to communicate?

Hello! Goodbye! Come here! Go away! Too expensive!
I'm surprised! I'm tired. I'm confused. OK! Good luck!
I'm happy! |'m upset! I’m sad! | forgot! You're great!

只 2 Read the text and fill in the table on page 39.

LISTENING TO HOW BODIES TALK

We use both words and body language to express our thoughts and opinions in our
interactions with other people. We can learn a lot about what people are thinking by
watching their body language. Words are important, but the way people stand, hold
their arms, and move their hands can also give us information about their feelings.

Just like spoken language, body language varies from culture to culture. The crucial
thing is using body language in a way that is appropriate to the culture you are in.
For example, making eye contact—looking into someone's eyes 一 in some countries
is a way to display interest. In other countries, by contrast, eye contact is not always
approved of. For example, in many Middle Eastern countries, men and women are
not socially permitted to make eye contact. In Japan, it
may demonstrate respect to look down when talking to an
older person.

The gesture for “OK" has different meanings in different
cultures. In Japan, someone who witnesses another person
employing the gesture might think it means money. In
France, a person encountering an identical gesture may
interpret it as meaning zero. However, you should avoid
making this gesture in Brazil and Germany, as it is not
considered polite.

Even the gestures we use for “yes” and “no” differ around the
world. In many countries, shaking one’s head means “no”,
and nodding means “yes". By comparison, in Bulgaria and
southern Albania, the gestures have the opposite meaning. There are also differences in
how we touch each other, how close we stand to someone Y

we are talking to, and how we act when we meet or part. In Make inferences

countries like France and Russia, people may kiss their friends Sometimes a passage does
on the cheek when they meet. Elsewhere, people favour not say something directly.

i : 2 However, you can figure it
shaking hands, bowing from the waist, or nodding the head out by looking at the clues
when they meet someone else. in the passage.

|

38 UNIT 4 BODY LANGUAGE

Some gestures seem to have the same meaning everywhere. Placing your hands
together and resting them on the side of your head while closing your eyes means
“sleep”. A good way of saying “! am full” is moving your hand in circles over your
stomach after a meal.

Some body language has many different uses. Perhaps the best example is smiling.
A smile can help us get through difficult situations and find friends in a world of
strangers. A smile can break down barriers. We can use a smile to apologise, to
greet someone, to ask for help, or to start a conversation. Experts suggest smiling
at yourself in the mirror to make yourself feel happier and stronger. And if we are
feeling down or lonely, there is nothing better than seeing the smiling face of a
good friend.

Body language/Gesture Meaning Country/Region
Eye contact between men and women Not polite Middle East

Looking down when talking to someone

OK sign

Kissing on the cheek

Placing your hands together and resting them
on the side of your head while closing your
eyes

Moving your hand in circles over your stomach
after a meal

3 Read the text again, and then discuss these questions.

1 Howis the body language mentioned in the text interpreted in China?

2 Can you think of an example of body language that is appropriate in China but might be
misunderstood in another culture?

3 What advice on body language can you give a foreign friend on his/her first trip to China?

iu 4 Watch the video Smile Trial, and then discuss the questions in groups.

1 Smiles can be used to hide feelings like anger, fear, or worry. Can you describe a situation
where you might smile when you don’t mean it?

2 Apart from fake smiles, is there any other kind of body language that can sometimes be
fake?

3 Which is a more reliable guide for understanding someone's feelings, their body language
or the words they speak?

UNIT 4 BODY LANGUAGE =. 39

Learning About Language

Build up your vocabulary

1 Fill in the table with different forms of the words. Refer to a dictionary
if necessary.

Noun Verb Adjective Adverb
differ
vary
rely
interact

approve

embarrass

2 Work out the meanings of the underlined words in the sentences below. In
pairs, list more words of the same kind.

| rest my head on the desk to get some rest.

The child displayed great interest in the huge fireworks display.

Most students favour the plan, while their teachers are not in favour of it.

Jeremy witnessed the whole incident and was expected to be the key witness at the trial.
His lack of eye contact when talking with people shows that he lacks confidence.

When he noticed a slight frown on his twin sister’s face, he frowned as well.

DO 上 wm 一

3 Readthe passage about body language. Fill in the blanks with the correct
forms of the words and phrases in the box.

by contrast by comparison break down interaction
demonstrate approve of clue gesture

When we think about nonverbal behaviour, or body language, we think about communication.
When we think about communication, we think about . So what is our body
language to others? Social scientists have spent a lot of time looking at the
effects of our body language. We make assessments and inferences from body language.
And according to those judgements we one person and dislike another. So body
language provides external that are influenced by internal thoughts and feelings.
Scientists have found that when we feel proud and powerful, we usually straighten up to make
ourselves bigger. , when we feel powerless, we tend to slump, making ourselves
smaller. It is obvious that our minds can influence our bodies. But is it also true that our bodies
can affect our minds? Scientific experiments show that if we make powerful long
enough, we may actually feel more powerful. People who remember to use positive body
language are more likely to feel positive , SO some scientists suggest that we use
our bodies to try power posing to help our feelings of shyness and powerlessness.

40 UNIT 4 BODY LANGUAGE
| Discover useful structures

| 1 Look at the examples below, paying attention to the italicised parts. Find
other examples from the reading text.

e She enjoys learning about body language in different cultures. (object)

e The crucial thing is using body language in a way ... (predicative)

2 Complete the sentences using the -/ng form of the words and phrases in the
box. Two are extra. Then state their functions.

amuse teach break down call on bow get through assess

| 1 Bilsjobis sign language.

| 2 The theme of his presentation is barriers between groups.

| 3 By , we mean “bending our head or body forward as a sign of respect or
| shame”.

4 three kilometres of heavy traffic took me almost 25 minutes.

| 5 We intended to visit the theme park but ended up Professor Zhang.

3 Complete the passage with the correct forms of the words and phrases in the
| box. Can you add more examples to explain how you read body language?

| lie challenge consider individual differences maintain
| consider the whole picture evaluate a patient’s condition
Reading body language is not an easy task. It can be because
| interpreting the signs that another person shows requires .In this

Sense, it can be compared to a doctor

is also key to reading people’s body language accurately. For
example, when , some people avoid eye contact. By contrast,
others may eye contact even longer than usual.

4 Talk about the body language you can read from the following pictures. Use
at least one -ing form for each picture.

(3)

UNIT 4 BODY LANGUAGE 41

Using Language

Explore body language

© 3

4

42

1 Look at these photos and discuss what you think each person is communicating.

2 Discuss when and where people need to use body language to communicate
effectively.

questions.

1

2
3
4

Listen to a conversation about body language. Then answer the following

How did the man get the idea of using gestures to communicate?

What did the police leader tell his team by using gestures?

What did the woman say about the acting classes that she’s been taking?

What did the man mean by saying “It’s good you tried” at the end of the conversation?

Listen to the conversation again. Are the

following statements correct inferences
from the conversation?

1
2

The two speakers are married.
Making too many gestures in communication
is not polite.

The police team were probably successful in
catching the criminals.

Both speakers think body language is useful.

The woman is not very confident about her
silent acting ability.

UY Infer meaning

Sometimes things are not said directly,
and so you must guess the meaning,
relationship of the people, or context.
You can do this by:

e drawing conclusions from the
background information you already
have.

e looking at clues that tell you the
context.

e using logic to work out the meaning.

5 Act out a scene using only body language to communicate. You may follow these
steps to complete your performance.

1

Form into groups of four. One of you is the performer, and the others are observers.
2 The performer writes down a situation and some messages to convey through body

language.

UNIT 4 BODY LANGUAGE
3. The performer acts out the scene and the observers individually write down their thoughts
without talking to anyone else.

4 The actor reveals the situation and messages, and the group compares notes. Use the
table below to clarify any misunderstandings or different answers.

Asking for and giving clarification

What did you mean by ...? In other words ...

So you mean ...? What I meant was ...

So did that mean ...? What I was trying to say was ...
What I dont quite understand is ... Does that make sense?

Could you explain ...? Is that clear?

Could you give me an example? I can tell that ...

1 Read the quotes and notice the pause after each sense group.

1 There are four ways, | and only four ways, | in which we have contact with the world. |
We are evaluated and classified | by these four contacts: | what we do, | how we look, |

:
|
1
}
|

what we say, | and how we say it. —Dale Carnegie
| 2 If language was given to men | to conceal their thoughts, | then gesture’s purpose |
was to disclose them. 一 John Napier

3 Body language is a powerful tool. | We had body language | before we had speech, | |
and apparently, | 80% of what you understand in a conversation | is read through the |
body, | not the words. —Deborah Bull

2 Read this passage. Then mark “|” where it needs a pause.

Life is a stage, and we are all actors. This is also true when you are in a foreign land.
Acting can help you communicate even if you do not know the language. For instance,
| one day a Chinese lady who was babysitting her grandchild in America went toa |
supermarket to buy some beef. She was confused to see all kinds of meat there and did |
not know which ones were beef. She asked a clerk by putting both hands up and saying
“Moo! Moo!” The lady got what she wanted even without saying a word of English.

() 3 Listen to the texts above and see how well you read.

Describe classroom body language

@) 1 Look at the questions. Then read the text on page 44 and try to answer them.

How does the teacher know what students are thinking?
According to the teacher, what is some students’ favourite activity?
What does the phrase “who knows what” mean?

Why does the teacher think body language is important?

fon +

UNIT 4 BODY LANGUAGE = 43

Using Language

44

HOW DOI KNOW MY STUDENTS?

As an educator, people often ask me how I know what is going on in the minds of my
students. Many students are quite shy and don’t speak all that much. At the same time, in a
classroom of more than forty students, it is hard to have many one-on-one conversations with
each person. So, how can I really know what makes each student tick?

My answer? I look at their body language.

It is easy to recognise when students are interested in a lesson. Most tend to look up and make
eye contact. When I make a joke, they smile. When I talk about something difficult, they look
confused. I know when students are really interested, however, because they lean forward and
look at me. People have a tendency to lean towards whatever they are interested in. So if a
student has his head lowered to look at his watch, it implies he is bored and just counting the
minutes for the class to end. If two friends are leaning their heads together, they are probably
writing notes to each other. Of course, not everyone who looks up is paying attention in class.
Some students look up, but there is an absence of eye contact. Their eyes barely move, and
they always have the same distant expression on their faces. It is as though they are asleep
with their eyes open.

Some students are amused by something else. They spend all their time looking anywhere but
at me. Then again, some students’ favourite activity is daydreaming. With their chins on their
hands, they occupy themselves by staring out of the window or up at the ceiling. They are
certainly interested in something, but who knows what. The main thing is reminding distracted
students that they need to pay attention in class.

While it is easy to perceive when students are interested, bored, or distracted, it is sometimes
much harder to distinguish when students are troubled. Students who are angry, afraid, or
experiencing anxiety may have their arms crossed in front of their chests and their legs closed
or crossed, like they are guarding their bodies. Students who are sad or worried will nearly
always wear a frown. They may also hide their faces in their hands like they are embarrassed
or ashamed. Some students act this way merely because they are afraid of being called on by
the teacher. However, if a student does not bother to brush her hair and her eyes are red from
weeping, then I can infer that there are deeper issues at work. It could be that she is having
serious conflicts with other students or at home.
Whatever it is, I know I need to inquire and
assess what is going on.

Ultimately, my duty is helping every student to
learn. Their body language lets me know when
to adjust class activities, when to intervene, and
when to talk to students individually, so they can
all get the most out of school. Reacting to body
language is an important component of being a
teacher.

UNIT 4 BODY LANGUAGE
2 Match the body language with the meanings. Write the letters A—J on the lines.

1 Looking up and making eye contact A very interested
___—s-. 2: Leaning over to look at one’s watch B bored

____ 3°: Two friends leaning heads together C interested

____ 4 _ Leaning forward and looking at the teacher D sad or worried
______ 5 Looking up, but no eye contact, no expression E distracted
6 Looking away F writing notes
_ 7 _~Chin on hand, looking out the window G serious problems
8 Looking down, arms or legs crossed H like they are asleep
_ Ss 9s“ Frowning 1 daydreaming
___- 10 Hair not brushed, red eyes J angry afraid, or

experiencing anxiety
3 Look at the following photos. In groups, discuss what these people are doing and
what their body language is telling you.

4 Drawsomeone you know. Show his/her body language in your drawing.

5 Write a passage to describe the body language of the person in your drawing, and
explain what his/her body language tells us.

6 Exchange your draft with a partner.

1 Use the checklist to help you review your partner’s draft.
w |s the person properly identified?
v Is the description clear?
~ Does the writer give his/her impressions of the feelings and personality of the

person in the drawing, and also explain why he/she has these impressions?
~ Does the writer use correct grammar, punctuation, and spelling?

2 Take your draft back and revise it.

7 Share your drawing and description with the rest of the class.

UNIT 4 BODY LANGUAGE = 45

Assessing Your Progress

46

1 How important is body language? Complete the passage with the correct forms
of the words in the box to find out.

crucial perceive lack component

demonstrate interact stare at embarrassment

There are three in any face-to-face communication: words, tone of voice, and

body language. It is said that most of what we communicate with others is nonverbal. So when
with people, the message conveyed by body language is

You cannot succeed in business and social encounters if you employ inappropriate body

language. For example, someone too long can be interpreted as a threat, standing

too close may cause and uneasiness, and touching your neck when talking to

others probably that you feel nervous and confidence. Sometimes

body language speaks louder than words.

2 Decide whether each verb in its -ing form functions as a subject (S}, object (0),
predicative (P}, or attribute (A).

1 Seeing is believing.

2 Aman cannot be robbed of his learning.

3 Living without an aim is like sailing without a compass.

4 After staying in the sleeping bag the whole night, | really needed to stretch my legs.
5 You should have been more careful. She started coughing and sneezing yesterday.
6 One may agree that in a conversation, listening is as powerful as loving.

7 After a long day she looked forward to putting her feet up with a nice cup of tea.

8

Isabella really put her back into learning Chinese. She wants to start living in China in two
or three months.

9 Fishing in troubled waters may cause even more problems.

© Which body language in this unit do you use most often? Does it have the same
meaning as in the text?

© What do you think you could do to communicate better with other people?

© Do you think you will be able to tell more from reading others’ body language from
now on?

© What problems did you or your friends have in studying this unit? How did you
solve them? What advice did you give each other?

© Overall, | thought this unit was > interesting — useful so-so “difficult.

UNIT 4 BODY LANGUAGE
*Project: Make a body language information sheet

1 Ingroups, brainstorm a list of different kinds of body language. Use the
information from this unit, your own experience and knowledge, and/or
the website excerpt below.

Standing with one’s hands on one’s hips shows that a person is angry in many
cultures, such as Malaysia, Argentina, and Mexico.

Many Mexicans like to touch people on the arm. This shows that they want to be
friendly.

When communicating with someone from Tanzania or Kenya, do not use your left
hand when giving or receiving things like a business card or gift.

In Vietnamese culture, the head is considered the most important part of the body.
Only parents or an important person can touch your head.

If a Lebanese person stands close to you, do not feel that they are entering your
personal space. Personal space is relatively smaller in Lebanon and many other
places.

In Korean culture, one must be careful not to show too much emotion through facial
expressions, except in very casual situations. Koreans may tend to distrust people
who use exaggerated facial expressions, or may misunderstand what those facial
expressions mean.

| People of Puerto Rico move their noses to say, “What's going on here?”

2 Based on your list, research online to discover what the same kinds of body
language mean in different cultures.

3 Each group should come up with its own body language information sheet like
the example below. Drawings and/or photos can be added to show what the
different forms of body language look like.

Body Language Information Sheet

Body language Meaning
Moving the hand in circles over the stomach Almost everywhere: I’m full.
after a meal.
The “OK” sign. Japan: money

France: zero
Brazil and Germany: not polite
China: ...

4 Present your information sheet to the class, and then vote on the best one.

UNIT 4 BODY LANGUAGE = 47

The Immigrant

In the film The Immigrant, Charlie
Chaplin acts as an immigrant who is
unused to life in a different country.

Look at the photos from the film The /mmigrant and discuss the questions.

1 What do you think these characters’ body language and expressions mean?

ELE DEEDES LL LISLE EDIE

2 In groups, discuss what you think the story of this film is.

|

Think about the answers to these questions.

1 Why does Chaplin keep putting money into the woman’s pocket and taking it out?
Where does Chaplin get the money to eat at the restaurant?

Why does the waiter become angry with Chaplin?

Why does the man sitting next to Chaplin become angry with him?

Can Chaplin pay the restaurant bill in the end?

a fF WO ND

Work in groups. Finish the following activities.

1 Write a script, assign roles, and “dub” the scene.
2 Discuss if the film is better dubbed or silent.

3 Discuss what you think will happen next in the film.

48 UNIT 4 BODY LANGUAGE
ees ak

ete

Reading and Thinking

Get to know an agricultural scientist

1 Before you read, look at the photo and the title of the text. Discuss these
questions in groups.

1 Who is the man in the photo? What crop is he holding in his hands?
2 What do you know about the man? What else do you want to know about him?

™@) 2 Read the text. Match the main idea with each paragraph.

Paragraph 1 A Yuan conducted research and developed hybrid rice.
Paragraph 2 B Yuan is old but still working hard to fulfil his dreams.
Paragraph 3 C Yuan considers himself a farmer.

Paragraph 4 D Yuan decided to study agriculture.

Paragraph 5 E Yuan's innovation has helped to feed more people.
Paragraph 6 F Yuan cares little for fame or wealth.

A PIONEER FOR ALL PEOPLE

Yuan Longping, known as the “father of hybrid rice”, is one of China's most famous
scientists. Yet, he considers himself a farmer because he continually works the land in his
research. Indeed, his slim but strong body is just like that of millions of Chinese farmers, to
whom he has devoted his life.

Yuan Longping was born in 1930 in Beijing. His parents
wanted him to pursue a career in science or medicine.
However, what concerned him most was that farmers
often had poor harvests and sometimes even had a
serious shortage of food to eat. To tackle this crisis, he
chose to study agriculture and received an education at
Southwest Agricultural College in Chongqing.

After graduating in 1953, he worked as a researcher. Yuan

Longping realised that larger fields were not the solution.

Instead, farmers needed to boost yields in the fields they

had. How this could be done was a challenging question

at the time. Yuan was convinced that the answer could

be found in the creation of hybrid rice. A hybrid is a
cross between two or more varieties of a species. One
characteristic of hybrids is that they usually attain a higher yield than conventional crops.
However, whether it was possible to develop a hybrid of self-pollinating plants such as rice
was a matter of great debate. The common assumption then was that it could not be
done. Through intense effort, Yuan overcame enormous technical difficulties to develop
the first hybrid rice that could be used for farming in 1974. This hybrid enabled farmers to
expand their output greatly.

Today, it is estimated that about 60 percent of domestic rice consumption in China is

50 UNIT 5 WORKING THE LAND

comprised of crops generated from Yuan's hybrid strains, and his strains have allowed
China's farmers to produce around 200 million tons of rice per year. Yuan's innovation has
helped feed not just China, but many other countries that depend on rice as well, such as
India and Vietnam. Because of his invaluable contributions, Yuan Longping has received
numerous awards both in China and abroad.

Given that Yuan's hybrids have made him quite wealthy, one might think he would retire
to a life of leisure. However, this is far from the case. Deep down, Yuan is still very much
a farmer at heart. As a man of the soil, he cares little for celebrity or money. Instead, he
makes large donations to support agricultural research.

What impresses people most about Yuan Longping is his ongoing ability to fulfil his dreams.
Long ago, he envisioned rice plants as tall as sorghum, with each ear of rice as big as a
broom, and each grain of rice as huge as a peanut. He succeeded in producing a kind
of rice that could feed more people at home and abroad. His latest vision for “seawater
rice” has also become a reality, and potentially opened up nearly one million square
kilometres of salty land in China for rice production. Despite his advanced years, Yuan
Longping is still young at heart and full of vision, and everyone is waiting to see what he |
will dream up next.

3 Read the text again and answer the questions.

Why does Yuan Longping consider himself a farmer?
Why did Yuan decide to study agriculture?

What is the main advantage of hybrid crops?

How has Yuan’s work helped China and other countries?
What is Yuan’s latest vision?

ahon—

4 Complete the sentences with the 化 Use word formation to guess the meaning
correct forms of the words in the Often, new words are not really ‘new’ —

box. they are just different forms of words that
you may already know. For instance, a word
ending with -ate is often a verb, while a word
create estimation education ending in -tion is often a noun. Thus, we have
: d communicate (verb) and communication (noun).
generation graduate English has many word patterns like this.

=

This school has thousands of bright young students over the years.

2 Most students look for jobs after university .

3 Because of the of new strains of hybrid crops, people in many parts of the
world now have more food to eat.

4 Last year, this new electric power plant enough energy to power the whole city.

5 It was difficult to calculate exactly how many trees had been cut down. However, a general

was possible.

5 Discuss these questions in groups.

1 Apart from rice, what are some other important crops in China? What do you know about
them?

2 Other than hybrid rice, what other hybrid products do you know? Can you think of new
hybrid ideas?

UNIT5 WORKING THELAND 51

Learning About Language

Build up your vocabulary

1 Replace the underlined words with the correct forms of the words from the text.

1 To deal with this crisis, he chose to study agriculture.

2 He is a very good actor and he commits himself to every role that he takes on.

3 Yuan Longping strongly believed that the answer could be found in the
creation of hybrid rice.

4 Yuan Longping, through intense effort, solved enormous difficulties and
developed the first hybrid rice that could be used for farming.

5 This hybrid enabled farmers to increase their output greatly.

6 Students are encouraged to try a variety of free-time activities to reduce the
intense stress from studying.

2 Complete the sentences with the correct forms of the words from the text.
Then use these words to make your own sentences.

1 Thec of a person are the special qualities that make him or her different from
others.

2 Scientists from different countries have been pursuing various possibilities to overcome
food s

3 Many of usa that earthquakes would never happen in our area.

4 With more and more farm machines being used in the fields, the c of fuel has
been increasing.

5 Newspapers should pay less attention to media c and more attention to our

national heroes.
6 Our general manager tried his best to help overcome the difficulties we were facing during
the financial c
7 My mother is very c and finds it hard to accept the modern lifestyle that | enjoy.
8 The government has decided to boost the programme to g more new jobs.

3 Complete the news report below with the correct forms of the words and
phrases in the box.

tackle vision conventional deep down be comprised of reality consumption

A vast underground shelter built during World War II has been turned into an urban farm,
supplying supermarkets and restaurants in London. The shelter, which could protect up to
8,000 people from wartime bombs, two large tunnels that were intended to one
day become an extension of the London Underground. But that never became and
the shelter was left for 70 years. Then businessmen decided to make use of it to grow green
vegetables to meet increasing demands.

The tunnels are lit with pink LEDs as there is no natural light below the ground. The
vegetables are grown in special liquids instead of the earth that is used as in farming.
Many experts share a that this kind of urban farming could help not only
in the problem of population growth, but also in adapting to climate change.

52 UNIT 5 WORKING THE LAND
Discover useful structures

1

Look at the complex sentences below and state the functions of the noun
clauses italicised. Then find similar complex sentences from the text.

¢ What Yuan Longping really cared about was not money or celebrity.

¢ That Yuan Longping had realised his dream of seawater rice surprised the whole world.

e It surprised the whole world that Yuan Longping had realised his dream of developing
seawater rice.

Match the sentence parts, and then translate the completed sentences into
Chinese. Pay attention to how the subjects are introduced differently.

1 remains an unanswered question. A What worries many people
2 _______ is an important topic for us to B That the lifestyle is slower and
cathe healthier
3 is that these chemicals may
even cause cancer. C How we can find a suitable
4 these vegetables can even be solution to produce sufficient food
planted without any soil through this new while keeping the environment safe
technology. D When these wheat farmers will join
5 is the reason why some people this pilot experiment
prefer to live in the country rather than in the
city. E It amazed all of us that

Read the passage and underline all the subject clauses. Then in pairs,
discuss whether the sentences with subject clauses can be paraphrased.

Grandma has been complaining about the vegetables sold in the supermarket, which have been
grown using chemical fertilisers. To her, that they look beautiful on the outside is obvious. However,
what she is unhappy about is the lower nutritional value and reduced flavour. Now that both of my
grandparents have retired from their jobs in the city, how they are going to spend their retirement is
an important decision for them. Whether they can live a healthy life is the first thing they are
considering. So they have made up their minds to move to the countryside, where they can live a
green life.

What qualities do you think make a person like Yuan Longping so successful?
Work in groups. Have a discussion and prepare a presentation. The following
points and expressions may help you.

e his/her determination to tackle the crisis of ... ; ;

* his/her intense effort to overcome ... What impresses me most is that ...
his/her dream to develop ... What makes him/her a great ... is that ...
¢ his/her love and care for ... It is important that ...

。 he/she succeeded in ... Whether ... depends on …

* he/she never gave up ... That ... is his/her most important quality.

e he/she is devoted to ...

UNIT 5 WORKING THE LAND

53

Using Language

Explore the world hunger problem

1 In pairs, discuss what you can see in the photos and how you think each photo
relates to world hunger.

©) 2 Listen to a radio interview and take notes. Then answer the following questions.

1 What is the FAO? What is its mission? GY
2 What can seriously affect crop production? J ‘
， 7 Identify supporting evidence
3 What does the FAO think about nutritious food? (
. ， ， When people present important
4 What is the FAO doing to alleviate world hunger? facts, they usually give some
5 What does the FAO suggest countries do? evidence to support their claims.
The evidence is usually mentioned
C) 3 Listen again and identify how the at the start of a sentence. Listen out
和 ki rts his facts. Match th for key words like report, research,
Spee ef Suppo S TS ac 时 e studies, figures, findings, etc.
supporting evidence with the facts.
1 According to our latest figures, ... A wars can heavily affect food production
and transportation.
2 There is strong evidence to suggest B (world hunger) stands at around 11% of
that ... the world’s population.
3 Our research indicates that ... C many people just can’t afford to eat
well.

4 Work in pairs. Discuss the following questions and then share your answers in
class. Use a table like the one below to help you organise your thoughts.

1 What are all the possible causes of world hunger that you can think of?
2 What can people and countries do to help alleviate these causes?

Possible cause Possible solution
5 Work in groups to brainstorm ideas for
groups to | ， © vvona Food Day (WFD) was

some school activities that celebrate created by the FAO in 1979. It

World Food Day. Use the expressions to is celebrated in more than 150

help you communicate with your group countries, raising awareness and

members. knowledge of the problems and
causes behind world hunger and
poverty.

54 UNIT 5 WORKING THE LAND
Sharing your opinions
Id rather ... In my eyes ... In my opinion ...
Without a doubt ... The advantages are ... I have a feeling that ...
Its a pity that ... Id prefer ... because ... My impression is that ...
I think/guess/believe ... From my point of view, … My view/opinion/belief is that ...

Evaluate chemical farming and organic farming

™@) 1 Read the text, and then answer the questions on page 56.

CHEMICAL VERSUS ORGANIC FARMING

Chemical pesticides and artificial fertilisers have been in widespread use in farming since the
middle of the 20th century. When they were first introduced, many farmers welcomed them
as a great way to fight crop disease and increase production. Over time, however, what some
scientists have found is that their long-term use can sometimes harm both the land and people’s
health.

For example, pesticides can damage the land by
killing not only harmful bacteria and insects, but
also helpful ones. In addition, these chemicals can
stay in the soil and underground water sources for a
long time. This affects the crops grown on the land
and, in turn, the animals and humans who digest
them. Many people worry that these chemicals
may make them ill and even cause cancer. In fact,
some pesticides like DDT have been prohibited in
most countries because of the damage they cause
to people and the environment. As for chemical
fertilisers, crops grown with them usually grow too fast to be rich in nutrition. They may look
beautiful on the outside, but inside there is usually more water than essential minerals, and they
often have less flavour as well.

As an alternative, some farmers have switched to organic farming, and many customers have turned
to organic food when they shop at the local grocery. Organic farming is simply farming without using
any chemicals. Organic farmers focus on keeping their soil rich and free of disease through natural
means. For example, many organic farmers use natural waste from animals as fertiliser. This makes
the soil in their fields richer in minerals. It also keeps the air, soil, water, and crops free of chemicals.

Organic farmers also use many other methods to produce rich soil. They often change the kind of

UNIT5 WORKING THELAND = 55

56

Using Language

crop grown in each field every year. For instance, they
may grow corn or wheat in a field one year, and then
grow beans there the next. Why different crops are
grown is because they put important minerals back into
the ground, making it ready for the next batch of crops.
Organic farmers also plant diverse crops that use different
depths of soil to help keep it rich. For example, peanuts
grow on the ground’s surface, but many other vegetables
put down deep roots. The goal of using different organic
farming methods is to grow good food while avoiding
damage to the environment or to people’s health.

Some people would prefer to stop the use of man-made chemicals in agriculture entirely.
What keeps them from doing so is the fact that chemical farming serves the high demand for
food around the world. Organic farming is nowhere near able to meet that need. Therefore,
there is still a long way to find a suitable solution that puts sufficient food on the dinner table
while keeping people and the environment as healthy as possible.

Why did many farmers welcome the introduction of chemical farming?

What concerns many people about the use of pesticides?

What is one problem with the use of chemical fertilisers?

How is organic farming different from chemical farming?

Why do organic farmers change the kind of crop grown in a field every year?

What is the goal of using organic farming methods? Do you think it can be reached? Why or
why not?

DO 上 wm 一

2 Match the main ideas [A--D] below with the paragraphs. Then complete the
sentences in the table.

A What organic farming is B Why man-made chemicals are still used in farming
C Organic methods for producing rich soil D The problems with chemical farming

Paragraph Main Idea Detail
flee, ¢ Pesticides can kill helpful 4
¢ Some pesticides have been because of the
¢ Crops grown with chemical fertilisers usually to be
full of
3 ¢ Many organic farmers use as fertiliser.
4 ¢ They often grown in each field f
¢ They also plant crops that use of the soil to help
keep it rich.
5 * Organic farming is nowhere near able to meet the high

UNIT 5 WORKING THE LAND
3 Write an argumentative essay giving your opinion on chemical or organic farming.
1 Discuss these questions in groups.

e Is the author of the passage for or against organic farming? How do you know?
e What other disadvantages of chemical farming did the author not list?
© How might the following iterns be problems and how important are they for organic farming?

natural animal waste used as fertiliser
higher cost of producing food
greater effort required to farm

e What other disadvantages of organic farming can you think of?

2 Decide whether your group supports chemical farming or organic farming. Come up with
three main points to support your opinion, and then add at least one detail to support each
main point. Complete the outline below.

Topic sentence: In my opinion, farming is preferable to farming because

Point 1:

( Detail )

Point 2:
( Detail )

Point 3:
( Detail )

Conclusion:

3 Use your outline to write a short essay giving your opinion on the topic.

4 Exchange your draft with a partner.

1 Use this checklist to help you review your partner’s draft.
¥ Does the writer do a good job of expressing his/her opinion?
~ Does each paragraph have one main idea?
v Does each paragraph have at least one detail to support its main idea?
w Does the writer sequence the points in a logical order?
w Does the writer do a good job persuading you to accept his/her opinion?
2 Take your draft back and revise it.

5 Share your essay with the rest of the class.

UNIT 5 WORKING THE LAND 57

Assessing Your Progress _

1 Read and complete the passage with the correct forms of the words and
phrases in the box. Then answer the questions.

attain be comprised of depth diverse
essential for instance output soil

Jia Sixie was a government official from Shandong Province who conducted a lot of agricultural
research in the sixth century. In his travels, he observed that some farmers had much better

than others, so he decided to investigate the best ways of good harvests.
After retiring, he wrote a book, Qi Min Yao Shu, which sound advice and practices for
people doing agricultural work. In one piece of advice, , he told farmers to clear weeds

from the ground before planting crops. They could either let the animals eat the weeds or turn the
over so that the weeds were covered. Then he gave advice on ploughing, suggesting
that the autumn ploughing should be at a greater than the spring ploughing. He also
suggested changing crops to get better harvests every year. Finally, he suggested that farmers grow
a range of crops next to each other in the fields. Although it has been centuries since Jia
Sixie died, Qi Min Yao Shu is still considered a(n) book in China’s agricultural history.

1 Why did Jia Sixie investigate good ways of farming?
2 What makes Qi Min Yao Shu an important book in China’s agricultural history?

2 Fillin the blanks with that, whether, or wh- question words to complete the

| sentences.
| 1 the research centre is to be set up has not been decided.
2 many countries still face food shortages remains a big problem.
3 impressed me most was that the hybrid rice enabled farmers to expand their
| output greatly.
| 4 the plan is to be carried out still needs discussing.
5 the new chemical pesticide is effective remains to be seen.
| 6 will join in the research team will be announced tomorrow.
| 7 he quit his high-paying job is not difficult to understand. He wanted to start up

his own business.

REFLECTING

© What did you learn about agriculture that you did not know before?

|

| © What interested you most about agriculture in this unit? Give your reasons.
| © What other important aspects of agriculture do you want to know about?

|

© Overall, | thought this unit was interesting _ useful. so-so difficult.

58 UNIT 5 WORKING THE LAND
*Project: Make a poster of your favourite dish, from field to plate

in groups, discuss this line of poetry, “Every single grain on your plate is the
result of hard work.”

e What does this line mean to you?
¢ How should this knowledge affect your daily life?

Brainstorm a list of your favourite dishes. Each dish should be comprised of five
or more ingredients.

Choose one dish from your list that everyone in your group likes. Find a list of its
ingredients from a recipe or a product label.

EXAMPLE: Kung Pao Chicken is made with chicken, peanuts,
onions, red peppers, Sichuan peppercorns, ginger, garlic, oil,
cooking wine, salt, soy sauce, vinegar, etc.

Assign team members to research where and how
each of these ingredients is produced.

EXAMPLE: Peanuts are planted in April or May. It takes around 120 to 160 days for them to be
ready for harvesting. This is usually done by hand. The farmer pulls the peanut plants out of the
ground and leaves them in the field to dry. The peanuts are then collected and separated from
their vines. They are dried for some more time and then taken to the market for sale.

5 Work together to make a poster about your favourite dish. Each team member
should explain where at least one ingredient comes from and how it is produced.

6 Present your poster to the class.

UNIT 5 WORKING THE LAND

59

* Video Time 记

BEFORE
Complete the passage with the words in the box.
agricultural ecology methods profit
scholarships sustainable typical unique
Earth University is located in Guacimo, Costa Rica. It is not a(n) university. What is
about it is that students study both in classrooms and in the fields. That is because
Earth University is a(n) school where students learn about farming. The kind of farming
taught here is called farming. The farming they learn have little or no
negative impact on the environment. In class, they also learn about , which is the study
of how to protect the natural balance of the environment. The students grow bananas on the farm
for . The money they get from these bananas goes towards for students

from poor areas.

WHILE YOU WATCH

Circle the best answers.

1 Which is not a goal of Earth University?
A To teach poor students. B To teach students how to make food with bananas.
C To give students skills to protect the environment.

2 Most of the students are from ，
A Africa B Latin America C Costa Rica

3 Students have to work six days a week for

A half of the year B most of the year C the entire year
4 Earth University students also learn about

A chemical farming B leadership C economics
AFTER

Discuss these questions in groups.
1 What do you like about Earth University?
2 Would you like to study at Earth University? Why or why not?

60 UNIT 5 WORKING THE LAND
WORKBOOK

UNITTT 2 22

Using Words and Expressions

1

Choose words from the box to
make phrases. Some words can
be used more than once.

oMAn Oath wAND 一

acknowledge objective gradually
remarkable scientific | apparently
distinct committed gentle
a wind
a supporter
a Tesearch institute
a southern accent
an successful career
facts
achievements
accepted the change
their contributions

Complete the sentences with the
correct forms of the words in the
box.

circumstance objective collection
appearance _ insist consequence
property device substance

Apparently, the two plants have quite

similar physical

Professor Stephen o_— used a 证
vocal

Afterwards, the company vyfiled a patent for
anew chemical

Everyone was amazed at his prandhea S
youthful

The researchers the

questionnaires back from the patients.
I will try my best and work hard to
of studying

achieve my
economics at a top university.

4

7 Ifyou
have to suffer the !

PEOPLE OF ACHIEVEMENT

on doing so, you'll

8 Banks have acknowledged that they need to

pay more attention to customers’ financial

when evaluating loan

applications.

Translate the sentences into
English using the words and
phrases in brackets.

1

在 递交 申请 六 个 月 之 后 ， 他 终于 获得 了
RA Al, (obtain, patent)
YPM TR, Heel J
多 数据 上 的 困难 。(evaluate encounter)
她 被 新 上 任 的 总 统 邀 请 出 任 大 使 。(take
up a position, come to power)

他 在 科学 研究 方面 不 但 有 天 赋 而 且 很 努
力 ，21 岁 时 就 已 经 在 学 术 领 域 非常 有 名
了 。 (genius academic field)
考虑 到 非常 危险 ， 他 坚持 认为 他 们 不 应 该 在
SARE AA EMS. (extraordinary,

insist)

Find words and phrases from
the unit to put into the following

groups.
To describe the To describe Related to
appearance the character the process
of a person of a person of doin
scientific
research
pretty gentle analyse

61
~~ WORKBOOK —

62

Using Structures

1

Choose the words in the box to
complete the sentences.

who whom which
whose when where
in/of/for which of whom

Some people always talk loudly in public,
is really annoying.

Mr Smith, you spoke to,

is our new professor.

Please come back at four o'clock,

your herbal medicine will be ready.

What do you want to write about these

people, stories I have just

told you?

Have you been to the Louvre Museum,
you can see the Mona

Lisa on display?

There are 45 students in our class, out
only 10 are taking an

optional art course.

Her mother works in a company,
employees are all women.

It is vital to learn to use these software

programmes, both can

help you with collection and evaluation.

Decide whether the sentences are
right or wrong. Correct them where
necessary.

1

Please write down these phrases, all of them
will be useful in your writing.

Asa consequence of sending in his application
late, he did not get a patent for his invention,
that was not surprising at all.

The researchers are evaluating thousands
of plants, which have distinct medical
properties.

The gentle old man is the only person,
whom I can trust.

5 Have you done all what you can to help the
people in need?

6 Is this the botanical institute where you
visited last week?

Write a few sentences about some
great people with the information
given below. Use relative clauses.

NAME INFORMATION

Dr Sun Yat-sen’s wife; one

of the top leaders in modern
Chinese history; devoted her
life to improving the welfare of
women and children

Song Qingling

The first man to land on the
moon in July 1969; “That's a
small step for (al man, one
giant leap for mankind.”

Neil Armstrong

Came to China in World War Il;
worked selflessly in China as a
doctor and saved many Chinese
people

Norman Bethune

A leading figure of modern
Chinese literature; Lu Xun
Literary Prize— one of China's
top four literary prizes,
awarded every three years

Lu Xun

A girl dressed as a man; went
to fight for her country; helped
drive the English invaders out
of France

Joan of Arc
- -一 一 一 —= UNIT1 PEOPLE OF ACHIEVEMENT 一

Listening and Speaking

1 Discuss these questions with a partner.
1 Do you think it is easy for a person to live alone in a forest observing wild animals? What
might this person need and what difficulties might he/she face?
2 Look at the photos above. What do you know about Jane Goodall and her achievements?

(>) 2 Listentoa speech about Jane Goodall and answer the questions below.

1 How was Goodall’s research method different, and how did it benefit her study?

2 In what ways did Goodall’s work change the way people thought about chimps?

3 What does the Roots and Shoots programme do?

4 Why is Goodall an inspiration to the speaker?

3 Talk about your heroes in groups. The following questions may help you.

1 Who is your hero?

2 What do you know about the person’s life?

3 What are one or two stories that can help your audience form an impression of your hero?
4 Why do you like or admire this person?

5 How does this person inspire you?

4 Give a speech about your hero.The following tips can help you give a well-
rounded speech.

e Greet the audience.

e Use the points from your discussion.

« Use a quote where necessary.

e Forman emotional connection through stories about the person.
e Make eye contact with different people in the audience. 5
e Provide a clear and concise conclusion. ‘

Z
Sanne nnnsnrnnmanananmnnanesnantsenatenen tase RATAN AT MEAD RAMA IAA AA SDAA DADRA DAMA NOLA ETAL ADA TAAL ORO

63
WORKBOOK - - 下 = - - — _

Reading and Writing

™@) 1 Read the text and decide whether the statements on page 65 are true (T] or false (F).

HEROES IN YOUR EYES

Everyone knows the people who have helped to change the face of the world in recent years.
From Bill Gates to Steve Jobs to Jack Ma, few would not recognise their names. However,
those who work tirelessly behind the scenes often go unnoticed, in spite of their great
achievements. If you know anyone who deserves to have their contributions recognised, we
would love to hear from you! Let us know how these people have helped to make a difference
in your eyes.

The person | respect most is the geophysicist Huang
Danian, who helped China to make many technological
advances.

Huang was a remarkable scientist. He had studied and
worked in Britain for 18 years, but when he felt that his
country needed him, he gave up his well-paid job and
returned to China. Over the next seven years, Huang
worked to develop many devices needed for deep-sea
exploration.

Unfortunately, such achievements didn’t come cheap.
Due to the frantic pace of his research, Huang was absent from his father’s funeral, and even his
own cancer went undetected as he had no time to see a doctor. To sum up, Huang sacrificed
everything for his research, and | think more people should honour him.

(Zhang Keyu, Hubei)

| want to tell everyone about two teachers on Changyu Island, Wang
Kaiquan and Lin Zhuyjin.

Few people know about this hometown of mine. The island is beautiful,
but it’s quite isolated, and there aren’t many modern conveniences. In
bad weather, even our water and power supplies are unstable. People
who have never been to our island are often surprised by this and find
it hard to adjust. Many who live on the island dream of leaving. These
two primary school teachers, however, have stayed on for 23 long years!
They are the only teachers here, and they plan to stay for as long as
there are children who need to attend school.

| want to thank them, and let the world know about these teachers who
work tirelessly every day for the sake of the children.
(Chen Xueyin, Fujian)

64
UNIT 1 PEOPLE OF ACHIEVEMENT —

My mother, Liu Shurong, is my greatest inspiration. She is 47 years
old and works as a cashier at a neighbourhood supermarket.

| used to think her job was pretty easy, but now that | am older, |
realise that my mother deserves respect for doing an amazing job
all these years. She works long hours every day for the sake of our
family, and she still finds the time to help with household chores
and spend time with me.

My mother takes pride in her work. She faces customers with a
smile and works hard even when she is tired. Because of her, |
have learnt to stay positive even when times are hard.

(Luo Tengfei, Jilin)

1 The magazine wants readers to send in stories about famous people. T 下

2 Huang Danian returned to China because he wanted to work on deep-sea
exploration. T

站

3 The people who live on Changyu Island must be prepared to put up with
difficulties when storms arise. T F

4 The teachers on Changyu Island want to live there for as long as there are

children on the island. T F
5 Luo Tengfei respects his mother for being a cashier because he admires

the job. T F
6 Luo Tengfei has learnt to look at life in a positive way. T F

2 Read the text again and fill in the table with your notes.

Zhang Keyu Chen Xueyin Luo Tengfei
Who are heroes The Huang The ata His
in their eyes? Danian on Changyu
Island
What do they He forhis Their willingness to Her
admire about research for the sake attitude

these people? of the children

What difficulties “He was very busy and They had to She has to work

do/did their had no to the lack of hours and

heroes face? focus on anything other while : also at
than his work. Tr a home.

3 Imagine you are writing to the magazine about someone who is a hero in your
eyes. Provide examples of this person’s achievement(s], and explain how you have
changed due to his/her influence.

65

| - WORKBOOK - =

|
| *Expanding Your World

THREE DAYS TO SEE wdaped

| Helen Keller

| have often thought it would be a blessing if each human being were stricken blind and deaf for a
| few days at some time during his early adult life. Darkness would make him more appreciative of
sight; silence would teach him the joys of sound.

Now and then | have tested my seeing friends to discover what they see. Recently | asked a
friend, who had just returned from a long walk in the woods, what she had observed. “Nothing in
particular,” she replied.

How was it possible, | asked myself, to walk for an hour through the woods and see nothing worthy
of note? | who cannot see find hundreds of things to interest me through mere touch. | feel the
delicate symmetry of a leaf. | pass my hands lovingly about the smooth skin of a silver birch, or the
rough, shaggy bark of a pine. In spring | touch
the branches of trees hopefully in search of a
bud, the first sign of awakening Nature after her
winter’s sleep. Occasionally, if | am very fortunate,
| place my hand gently on a small tree and feel
the happy quiver of a bird in full song.

At times my heart cries out with longing to see
all these things. If | can get so much pleasure
from mere touch, how much more beauty must
be revealed by sight. And | have imagined what |
should most like to see if | were given the use of
my eyes, say for just three days.

On the first day, | should want to see the people
—Helen Keller whose kindness and companionship have made
, my life worth living. | do not know what it is to see
into the heart of a friend through that “window of the
soul”, the eye. | can only “see” through my fingertios
the outline of a face. | can detect laughter, sorrow,
and many other obvious emotions. | know my
friends from the feel of their faces.

For instance, can you describe accurately the faces of
five different friends? As an experiment, | have questioned
husbands about the colour of their wives’ eyes, and often
they express embarrassed confusion and admit that they do
not know.

| should like to see the books which have been read to me,
and which have revealed to me the deepest channels of
human life. In the afternoon | should take a long walk in the
woods and intoxicate my eyes on the beauties of the world
of Nature. And | should pray for the glory of a colourful
sunset. That night, | should not be able to sleep.

On my second day, | should like to see the pageant of
man’s progress, and | should go to the museums. | should
try to probe into the soul of man through his art. The things | knew through touch | should now see.
The evening of my second day | should spend at a theatre or at the movies.

The following morning, | should again greet the dawn, anxious to discover new delights, new
revelations of beauty. Today, this third day, | shall spend in the workaday world, amid the haunts of
men going about the business of life.

At midnight permanent night would close on me again. Only when darkness had again descended
upon me should | realise how much | had left unseen.

| am sure that if you faced the fate of blindness you would use your eyes as never before.
Everything you saw would become dear to you. Your eyes would touch and embrace every object
that came within your range of vision. Then, at least, you would really see, and a new world of
beauty would open itself before you.

| who am blind can give one hint to those who see: Use your eyes as if tomorrow you would be
stricken blind. And the same method can be applied to the other senses. Hear the music of voices,
the song of a bird, the mighty strains of an orchestra, as if you would be stricken deaf tomorrow.
Touch each object as if tomorrow your tactile sense would fail. Smell the perfume of flowers, taste
with relish each morsel, as if tomorrow you could never smell and taste again. Make the most of
every sense; glory in all the facets of pleasure and beauty, which the world reveals to you through
the several means of contact which Nature provides. But of all the senses, | am sure that sight
must be the most delightful.

— UNIT1 一 HIEVEMENT

67
68

3 Complete the sentences by

UNIT 2

Using Words and Expressions

1 Cross out the options that are
incorrect.

1 Health monitors detect/cause/identify
potential dangers to our health.

2 Smart houses can be operated from far/
from a distance/remotely.

3 Pay attention to all the switches/knobs/
appliances of the electrical equipment.

4 They invented potentially/possibly/greatly
the most efficient way of heating.

5 Some monitoring devices are designed to 4

warn people of certain critical/serious/
difficult illnesses.

2 Complete the sentences with the
correct forms of the words and
phrases in the box.

inthissense _ potential
nevertheless _ keep track of
in addition the instant

1 I tried phoning Lily I got home.

2 The hotel is equipped with air conditioners.
electric fans are available in case

some guests are not used to air conditioning.
3 My parents come from this area, so
it's like coming home.
4 Scientists say that this technology is also
useful for developing electronic
devices.
5 The monitoring system what is
going on in the house.
6 I'm sorry to say that we can't afford any new
equipment. , we can still keep
ahead of our competitors by developing new

innovations.

translating the words in brackets
into English.

1 People in poor rural areas are being educated

to ( 停止 抵制 变化 ),

2 Imetherwhen I was studying in Wuhan,
andI ( 保持 联系 )
with her ever since.

3 Wewere sorry to find out that

( 我 们 所 有 的 建议 都 被 回绝 了 ).

4 Itis very difficult to
(将 你 自己 融入 一 个 社会 whose culture is
so different from your own.

5 Some people (反对

记录 体重 ) without specific aims.

Fill in the blanks with the correct
forms of the words in the box.
What do you think of the problem
mentioned in the passage?

available critical innovation
integrate potential prediction
remote

prospect

There are many about what the
future will be like, but no one really knows for
sure. We do know that there will be many new
in technology, though. These
new advances will make thousands of new
products that no one has yet even
thought about. With this, however, there is a
new problem which we do not
have now: the gap between the technologically
rich and the technologically poor. Not
everyone may have the money to
new technology into their lives, and some
people living in areas may not have
new technology. In light
many people are already
working hard to make new technology cheaper

access to
of such

and easier to buy so that everyone might benefit

Using Structures

1

Complete the sentences using the
appropriate forms of the verbs in
brackets.

1 Don't call me between 12:30 and 13:00. I
anap. (take)

2 After the training, the farmers decided that they
tomatoes the next year. (grow)

3 The engineer was sure that the medical tests
that he was healthy. (show)

4 The day after tomorrow they are going to play

football from 4:00 to 6:00 p.m. So at 4:30,

they soccer. (play)

5 Doyou think you the same job
in ten years’ time? (still do)

6 Ifyou need to contact me, I at

the Waterfall Hotel until this Saturday. (stay)
7 A: Ifyou see David, can you askhim to call me?
B: Sure. I him this afternoon.
I will tell him then. (see)
8 A: Isitall right if] come at about 7:00?
B: Not really. I the news and
having dinner with my family. (watch)

Below is a letter from the
present you to the future you.
Try to complete it with the most
appropriate verb forms.

Dear Future Me,

How are you? If you’re still very hard-
working, then I’m sure you're
(keep) yourself busy! I do
(hope) you're healthier though. I know I love
eating too much junk food and far too many
sweets. I hope you're stronger than me and

(give up) these bad habits.

How’s everything going with work? Do you
remember that you (want)
to be a pilot? If you do, then I hope you're
flying around the world to fun places and

(do) a lot of sightseeing. I think

- UNIT2 LOOKING INTO THE FUTURE 一 一

that the computer technology in your time
must (be) so much better than
it is now. The way things are going right
now, people will no longer
(drive) cars one day because computers
(operate) them completely.
Moreover, companies will probably
(try) to do the same thing with
planes soon afterwards. I think it would be
quite dangerous if all the cars on the road
were driverless. However, I think the idea of
(have) any pilots on a plane is
much more dangerous. This is because any big

computer problem could cause one or more

planes full of people to crash!

T hope I'm right about planes still
(need) pilots, but if I'm wrong, I look forward

to (find) out what other job you
chose for your career.

Your friend,

Present Me

Write down as many possible
sentences as you can for the
following situations, using the
future progressive tense.

EXAMPLE

Next month I'll go on holiday to a coastal
city. I...

Next month I’ll go on holiday to a coastal
city. I will be lying on the beach, sunbathing,
or swimming in the sea.

Youd better not call me this afternoon. 1 ...

Sam is injured. He ...

You wont see me again. I will ...

A: What does the forecast say about the
weather next week?

B: It will be very wet, and ...

5 A: Are you travelling somewhere this

hOoOnND 一

summer holiday?
B:No,I...

69
1

70

WORKBOOK

Listening and Speaking

Look at the photos and the captions. Discuss what you think is happening.

B “Checkmate!” C Ke Jie versus AlphaGo

Listen to this conversation from the future between Yueyue and Huimin, an
android that uses Al (artificial intelligence). Order the pictures above [A—C}
according to when the events occurred by writing 1—3 in the blanks.

A B Cc

Listen to the conversation again and write down the dates when the following
events occur. They are having this conversation in the year 2310.

Al research begins

Garry Kasparov defeated by Deep Blue
Ke Jie defeated by AlphaGo

Al computers put into androids

First novel written by an android

DO 上 AmOP 一

First android president of a country

Listen to the conversation again and answer the questions.

What are Yueyue and Huimin doing while they are talking?
What does Yueyue want Huimin to do differently?

What does Huimin offer to do for Yueyue while she is thinking?
What happens in the end?

What does Yueyue ask Huimin to do when they are finished?

a 上 mw 有 一

What do you think Al will be able to do in the future? How will it affect
humans? Discuss your predictions about Al and other future technologies.
Reading and Writing

@ 1

Read the text. Where do you think this text might come from? Identify its
purpose and possible audience.

CLONING: WHERE IS IT LEADING US?

When it was announced in 2018 that the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Shanghai had created
the world's first cloned monkeys, Zhongzhong and Huahua, heated discussions followed online.
In fact, cloning has always been with us. It is a way of making an exact copy of another animal
or plant. It happens in plants when gardeners take cuttings from growing plants to make new
ones. It also happens in animals when identical twins are produced from the same egg. These
are both examples of natural clones.

Cloning has two major uses. First, gardeners use it to produce large quantities of plants
for sale. Second, it is valuable for research on new plant species and for medical research
on animals. Cloning plants is fairly straightforward, while cloning animals is much more
complicated and difficult. Over the years, many scientists failed in their attempts to clone
animals, but their determination and patience paid off in 1996 with a breakthrough—the
cloning of Dolly the sheep.

The sheep cloning procedure works like this:
e Female sheep A provides an egg cell.
¢ The nucleus is removed from the egg

cell.

© The egg cell is ready for a new
nucleus.

e Female sheep B provides a somatic
cell ( 体 细胞 ) for the clone. The nucleus
of this cell contains all the genes
needed to produce a new sheep.

¢ The nucleus is taken out of the
somatic cell.

¢ The somatic cell nucleus from sheep B and the egg cell from sheep A are joined.

The cell divides and grows into an embryo.

¢ The embryo is put into female sheep C, who becomes the carrier of the clone.

The lamb which is born is the clone of sheep B. It is in every way identical to sheep B,
but younger.

-一 一 一 - UNIT2 LOOKING INTO THE FUTURE

~~~ WORKBOOK : ———— 一 一 二 — 一 = _

With the advances of scientific research, cloning will have several major uses in the future. For
one thing, it could be used to breed animal species which are endangered, or even bring back
species which are now extinct. For another, it could be used to grow human organs or tissue in
animals, which could be used for human organ transplants or medical treatments. Finally, cloning
could be used to breed animals that will provide us with higher quality meat, milk, or eggs.

While there are technical issues that need to be worked through to make widespread cloning
possible, the biggest concerns are moral. For example, if scientists brought an extinct animal
back into existence, it would probably end up living in a zoo. That is not very good for the
animal. Even worse for the animal is using it as a source of organ transplants—because it
will be injured or even die. In addition, many people worry that eating animal products that
result from cloning might be harmful to our health over time. The possibility of using cloning
to produce human beings is an even bigger concern. What would happen if such knowledge
ended up in the wrong hands?

When it comes to cloning, we wonder, ultimately, whether cloning will help or harm the world.
No doubt, we will be talking about this question for a long time to come.

2 Answer the questions using information from the text.

What are the two examples of natural clones?
What are the two main uses for clones today?
What future medical uses does cloning have?

Why might cloning an extinct animal be a bad idea?
Why do many people worry about cloned food?

ahbon 一

3 Match the topics with the paragraphs.

Paragraph 1 A Possible uses of cloning in the future
Paragraph 2 B Whether cloning is good or bad
Paragraph 3 C Current uses of cloning

Paragraph 4 D What cloning is

Paragraph 5 E How cloning a sheep works

Paragraph 6 F Moral and ethical concerns about cloning

4 Discuss the following questions in groups.

1 What are the moral issues involved with cloning?

2 What does the author mean by “What would happen if such knowledge ended up in the
wrong hands?”

3 What moral concerns—if any—do you have regarding cloning? How important are these
issues to you? Why?

5 Imagine that you are a scientist and that you have the choice to clone or not to
clone a particular animal species. Write a report about your choice.

72
UNIT 2 LOOKING INTO THE FUTURE

*Expanding Your World

OUR GREATEST ADVENTURE

In the 1960s and 1970s, some writers and
university professors called themselves “futurists”.
These futurists tried to predict the future. Only a
few of their predictions were right, and all of them
missed something that was just around the corner:
the revolution in computers and information
technology. The problem was that none of these
futurists were scientists or engineers. So, while
they knew the future would have more powerful
computers, they had no clue what these computers would look like, what they could do, or
what impact they would have on our lives.

This should make us hesitate before we try to predict the future. Having said that, we can
| make some good guesses about future technology by looking at current scientific and
technological advances. We can also ask the real experts: the scientists and engineers who
are bringing us these advances.

According to experts, in the future computers will be so common that we may no longer even
notice them. Forget smartphones and smart watches—we will have smart clothes that adjust
to the weather and our body temperature, and change size to fit our body shape. We will

also have smart contact lenses. Using these smart contact lenses, we can
access the information and power of computers in a way that far

|
Cs - exceeds anything currently possible.

Because so much of our daily life will be
integrated with computers, virtual reality will
become an actual, real reality for many of us.
Technology will not just allow us to see a world
that is thousands of
kilometres away 一 Or
which only exists in

73
| WORKBOOK 一 7

a computer—but will also allow us
to touch and smell that world. This
virtual world will at times seem as real
as—if not more real than—the actual
world around us. Without leaving

home, you will be able to take tours
of foreign countries, or even get a
medical exam by a doctor in another
city.

Speaking of medicine, through new technology, people who have brain or spinal injuries will be
able to find new hope. There is already, for example, technology which will allow blind people
to see using cameras and deaf people to hear using microphones that are connected to their
brains. Future technology will allow people to overcome all sorts of physical disabilities.

Much research is being done to unlock the human mind. Using technology that is being
| developed now, people in the future may be able to not just read someone else’s mind, but
| also record their thoughts like one would record a movie. Some other research involves using
robotic technology to replace human functions. For example, robot hands are being developed
| for people who have no hands. These artificial hands are connected to a person’s nerves so
that the person’s brain tells the hands what to do. In the future they will work just as well as real
| human hands. Indeed, they may even be better. Not only can they be made stronger and faster
| than human hands, but also sturdier so they will not break or get injured as easily.

As a result of such advances, in the future, some people who are badly injured may become
more robot than human. That is, their brains will control their robotic body parts so they can
live their lives fully without being handicapped. Many new parts will be made to replace human
body parts that break down, meaning it may be possible to use this technology to extend our
| lives long past the time of normal death by old age.

These are just a few of the things that are already being explored in science and technology.
| There will also be advances in transportation and space travel. Of course, there is a lot that

we still do not know about the future. Science and technology may provide a road map for the
future, but they cannot tell us what we will find along the way. But if we knew everything about
the future, then where would the mystery and excitement be? We should all eagerly view the
future as a great adventure—a new world waiting to be explored. Who knows exactly what we
will find?

| Ts
Using Words and Expressions

1 Complete the sentences with the B:

correct forms of the words in
brackets.

1 The price varies depending on A
where the wine was produced. (enormous)

2 The shop assistant carefully B:

each item with the price and the date, as ifhe
were handling a valuable piece of art. (label)

3 At the age of 24, became a
writing for a local newspaper. (journal)

4 Jane started a special about
gap-year travelling in the school magazine. 3
(column)

5 Parents prefer taking their children to some
places that combine with

education. (entertain)

2 Complete the conversation with the
correct forms of the words in the
box.

cloth cottage fountain
incredible iron polar
superb swing

A: What do you have there?

B: Oh, these are some old photos I found
while I was looking through some things 4
at Gran's . She said that I
could keep them. I didn't knowit, but her
grandfather travelled around the world. He
was even a(n) explorer in the
Antarctic! This is his album.

A: That's 'T didn’t know that
either. Who are the women in this photo?
The pattern on the they are
makings interesting.

B: I don’t know. It looks like somewhere in
India maybe.

A: And this photo! I've never seen a more

beautiful !

FASCINATING PARKS 9 —

The way the light shines through the water is
simply
taken.

! | wonder where it was

: Oh ... But this photo’ not so interesting. It

looks just like a big hole in the ground.

: Itsays that it's a huge mine in the
United States ... and this photo is interesting:
a girl playing ona . wonder if it’s
Gran when she was young.

Paraphrase the sentences using
the words and phrases in brackets.

1 He was suffering a high fever and didn't feel
like eating anything, (appetite)

2 Jack never wanted to stay in one place for
very long, so he always found himself going
to different places. (on the move)

3 The hungry little girl imagined being in a
warm house, enjoying a big cake, and her
mother keeping her company. (fantasise)

4 He was daydreaming and totally lost track of
what the teacher was saying. (wander)

5 Hundreds of delicate works of paper-cutting
will be shown at the city’s gallery. (on

display)

Translate the sentences into
English using the words and
phrases in brackets.

1 WORE, RANR ERATE
界 各 地 的 自然 爱好 者 。(vast fascinating,
appeal to)

2 在 这 个 偏远 的 小 村 庄 里 ， 只 有 一 条 很 窗
的 公路 可 以 通 往外 面 的 世界 。(remote，
route)

3 湖水 清澈 ,可 以 清晰 地 看 见 水 中 倒映 的 雪山 。
(upside down, snow-covered mountain)

4 AAMNKRAARRERGRT BAW
变化 。(steam engine)

75
WORKBOOK

76

Using Structures

1 Complete the sentences with the
-ing form of the verbs in the box.
Then answer the questions.

cry finish talk learn ski get

1 is a very popular sport in
northern China. What other winter sports
do you know?

2 over spilled milk will not help
you much. What helps, though?

3 English is quite interesting for
me. What is interesting for you?

4 Just homework is not enough
to get a good grade. What else do you need
to do?

5 a high GPA (grade point

average) will make it easier for you to enter a
university. What else will also help?

6 on a phone while driving is
illegal. What else is prohibited?

2 Find the proper beginnings for the
quotes below.

Adopt the pace of nature
Teaching children about the
natural world

Live in each season

Avoiding danger

Losing your sense of wonder
Walking

o>

m™mOoOOD

1 robs you of the excitement of
life. —Unknown

2 : her secret is patience.
—Ralph Waldo Emerson
3 would teach people the quality
that youngsters find so hard to learn—
—Edward P. Weston
4 is no safer in the long run than

patience.

outright exposure. Life is either a daring

adventure or nothing, —Helen Keller

5 should be treated as one of the
most important events in their lives.

—Thomas Berry

6 as it passes; breathe the air,

drink the drink, taste the fruit, and resign
yourself to the influence of the earth.
—Henry David Thoreau

Translate the Chinese in brackets
into English to complete the
passage. Use the -ing form where
possible.

Travelling to cold, dark, and remote Arctic
Norway in mid-winter ( 在 隆冬 季节 去 寒冷 、
黑暗 而 偏远 的 北极 圈 内 的 挪威 旅游 ) can be
(激动 人 心 的 ) especially
forthose (寻求
完全 不 一 样 的 体验 ). (总
识 到 ) the lack of daylight and difficulties in
transport is extremely important. Last January,
we found a few mountain passes were closed, so
(走动 ) was not easy, but ( 欣
x) the northern lights was

an incredible experience.

( 在 线 订 交 通 和 宾

42 ) did help alot.

( 想 出 如 何 拍照 in low light actually took us
quite some time during our

(筹划 ) stage. Finally,
( 雇 一 位 当地 的 导游 was necessary and helpful
for this trip.

4

In groups, choose a national park in
China and discuss why it was set up
as a national park and how people
should protect it.
a - - UNIT3 FASCINATING PARKS

Listening and Speaking

1

3

David Evans and Li Yang are visiting the Polynesian Cultural Centre in Hawaii.
Listen to their conversation and answer the questions below.

akon —

How many different Polynesian cultures are represented at the park?
What are canoes, and why are they important to the Polynesians?
What did the Samoans use to make fire?

Where do the Maori put their tattoos?

Why does David tell Li Yang not to worry about getting a tattoo?

Listen to the conversation again, and mark David and Li Yang’s route through
the park on the map below. They are starting at the main entrance,

In pairs, imagine that you are visiting the park. Where would you like to go
and what would you like to do? Take turns giving directions to the different
places in the park, using the map above.

In pairs, draw a map of your school campus. Imagine that a foreign student
has come to your school. Take turns giving directions to the following places
in your school, starting from your classroom.

* classroom

* dining hall

* school hall

* convenience store

* dormitory

* headmaster’s office

* library

* playground

* student centre

* toilets/restrooms

* school clinic }
* staffroom { a

77
r WORKBOOK 一 一 一 一 -=

Reading and Writing

™@) 1 Skim this email and find the reason why Chris went to Shangri-La.
e660

Dear Sis,

How have you been? I’m having a good time on my holiday. Do you remember how it
was our dream to find Shangri-La some day? You know that place in James Hilton’s Lost
Horizon. Well, now | can safely say that I’ve been there!

Before you get too excited, | must admit that this Shangri-La is the name of a city in
| Yunnan, China, and not the place in the book! | decided to come here because | wanted to
experience the real Shangri-La for myself, even if it's different from the paradise we read
about. So far, | really like it here.

On Monday, | left Lhasa at noon, and after changing flights once, | reached Shangri-La—
also called "Zhongdian "一 at eight in the evening. The airport is not far from the city, so my
taxi ride to the hotel was very short. That night, | was so exhausted that | had a quick bite
to eat and then crashed.

Yesterday, | went to the Potatso National Park. The park covers such a wide area that the
admission ticket for the park includes a bus tour, as it is the only way to see all the major
sites in one day. Just to give you an idea of how large the place is, imagine a park that
spans across vast forests, wetlands, lakes, meadows, and several villages! On the bus, |
made friends with the passengers around me, and they said that | had definitely picked the
right season to visit the park. The autumn scenery, they said, would be absolutely picture-
| perfect.

| On top of its beautiful scenery, the park is also famous for its rich biological diversity. Did
you know that Potatso makes up less than one percent of China’s total land area, but it
contains more than 20 percent of the country’s plant and animal species? The black-necked
cranes were my favourites. | saw two of them at the picturesque Bita Lake!

At Shudu Lake, the first stop on the bus tour, we saw horses, cows, and yaks enjoying the
sunlight and eating grass contentedly. As a nature lover like me, I'm sure you can imagine
how delighted | was by this sight.

Bita Lake, however, is absolutely my favourite place in Potatso. Just imagine, a beautiful
lake, blue skies, majestic mountains, and golden trees all around me. In such tranquil
surroundings, | could easily believe myself to be standing in James Hilton’s Shangri-
La. For those who live in cities like we do, spending time in nature can be an incredibly
rejuvenating experience.

Tomorrow, | am going hiking at the Tiger Leaping Gorge. Fingers crossed that there will be
good weather! Anyway, | need to get some sleep now since tomorrow’s going to be a long
day, but I'll tell you all about it when | get back!

Love,
Chris

3

_ - 一 -一 UNIT3 FASCINATING PARKS

2 Read the text again, and choose the correct answers.

1 When Chris said that he “crashed”, it means that he
A got into an accident in the taxi
B fell asleep quickly
C bumped into something by mistake
2 “Picture-perfect” scenery is scenery that is
A often photographed or painted
B perfect and has no flaws
C beautiful in pictures but not in real life
3 The mentioning of “forests, wetlands, lakes, meadows, and several villages” is helpful in
understanding the size of Potatso because
A most people know the sizes of such places
B only a large park can include so many different types of places
C such places are usually not found inside parks
4 When Chris said “fingers crossed that there will be good weather”, it means that he

A knew that there would be good weather
B saw on the news that there would be good weather
C hoped that there would be good weather

3 Chris also wrote a postcard to a friend. Complete the card using the
information from the text.

ostcard
HiMax, 4 =
Vm having a great time in Shangyi-Lal The city is 3
in Hilton’s Lost Horizon but __- Yesterday, | went.
ona in the Potatso National | Park. I saw lots of
beautiful scenery andevenspoited
Wish you were here with me! Ae
Cheers, i oe :
Chris

4 Think about these these questions and note down your ideas.

1 What is included in both the email and the postcard?
2 What is in the email, but not in the postcard?

5 Write a postcard to a friend or relative about a trip you have taken.

6 Write an email about your trip and include more details.

79
WORKBOOK 一 a —

*Expanding Your World

NATIONAL PARKS—A TREASURE |
HOUSE FOR FUTURE GENERATIONS

While city life may be exciting, all of us need to escape into nature now and again. Some of the
best family holidays involve things like picnics, camping, hikes, and forest walks. Exploring nature
allows us to catch sight of rare animals and come across special places of beauty. Of course,
none of this would be possible without protected nature areas. This is why national parks are so
important. They are places to be treasured—places where the country locks away the very best it
has to offer for everyone to enjoy. To protect this heritage, governments allow very little development
inside most national parks. A few national parks allow things like hotels and recreation areas to be
| constructed within them, but most parks do not allow any development at all. Visitors have to bring
in their own food and drink, and then be sure to carry out all their waste when they leave.

The very first national park is also one of the most famous in the world—Yellowstone, in the

western USA. Nineteenth-century explorers were amazed by what they saw in Yellowstone.

Apart from the beautiful mountains, rushing rivers, and tall waterfalls, there were geysers,

which sent boiling water as high as 91 metres into the air. Then there were the hot springs, as
| colourful as rainbows. These explorers wanted to protect the natural features of the area from
development so that future generations could enjoy the area. And so, in 1872, Yellowstone
| was established as a national park. Today, around four million people a year visit it. Many
come hoping to see wildlife, which is no longer as common in the American West as it once
| was. Everyone comes to see the geysers, especially Old Faithful, which sits near the centre of
| the park, and sends 95.6°C water up to 56 metres into the air every 44 to 125 minutes.

While Yellowstone was made a national park in order to protect its natural features, many
others were set up to protect wildlife. A good example is the Serengeti National Park in
Tanzania. In the local African language, “Serengeti” means “the place where the land runs
on forever”. It is a wide plain covered in tall grass, and dotted with trees. When foreigners
began killing the Serengeti lions for sport, the government decided to take action, eventually
turning the area into a national park in 1951. Even then, it was a challenge to protect the
park's wildlife. In 1959, a film was made of the great wildebeest migration which occurs every

Se Ee
UNIT3 FASCINATING PARKS

year in the park. This film, Serengeti Shall Not Die, helped people around the world understand
the need for wildlife protection. Today, the Serengeti is one of the top tourist attractions in the
world. Nowhere else can you see such great herds of wildebeests and zebras, in addition to lions,
rhinoceroses, elephants, and many other rare creatures.

og ae a Not all famous national parks are on land. Some national
ot oe parks are marine parks. One good example of this is the
_ Great Barrier Reef Marine Park in Australia. Stretching over
2,300 kilometres, the Great Barrier Reef is considered
one of the natural wonders of the world. It is the largest
structure in the world made by living creatures. A wide
variety of tropical wildlife also makes the reef its home.
Since the Great Barrier Reef is just below the surface of the
water, it is an excellent place to see nature, and millions
of people travel there every year. The park was created in
1975 to protect the reef from overdevelopment and fishing.
Unfortunately, the biggest danger to the Great Barrier |
* Reef is something park management cannot stop—global
warming. Rising ocean temperatures are causing some
coral to die and the colourful reefs to turn grey. Hundreds
of years ago, people could not imagine that there would
ever be a time when forests would be cut down, oceans
would become polluted, and wildlife would face extinction.

Facing the problems of environment pollution and overdevelopment, some national parks
have been set aside to protect both natural features and wildlife. A good example of this is the
Sanjiangyuan National Park, which was set up in the south of China’s Qinghai Province in 2000.
The park is at a very high altitude and contains
the source of the Yangtze River (Changjiang),
Lancang River, and Yellow River. It is also home
to many species of plants and birds, along with
animals like Tibetan antelopes, snow leopards,
wolves, foxes, bears, yaks, and sheep. In most
areas of the reserve, development is strictly
forbidden, and any permitted development is
closely monitored.

The protection of natural areas has attracted
much media attention, and now more and more
people are supporting the idea of eco-friendly development. Today, people understand that national
parks are not just for one generation; they should be protected for every generation to come.

81
a

UNIT 4

82

5 People

Using Words and Expressions

1 Complete the sentences with the

correct forms of the words in the
box.

reliable difference low
assessment inquiry adjust
compare angry

1 The teacher should make some
so that the students will not get bored.

2 The twin brothers are alike in appearance
but greatly in personality.

3 Seeing the boy so upset, the mother called
the teacher to
on at school.

what was going

4 In with big cities, these places
are less modern but more natural.

heavily on the Internet
to keep in touch with one another.

6 The test was to the level of
students’ self-respect rather than their
academic achievement.

7 The young man managed to hold back
his and avoid a serious conflict.

8 In class, students tend to their

heads when the question is too hard for them.

Paraphrase the sentences using
the correct forms of the words and
phrases in brackets.

1 When I married my husband, my parents
were very upset. (approve of)

2 Ihave been busy preparing for the birthday

party, shopping and decorating the house.
(occupy oneself with)

3 There were three factors playing roles in her
quick recovery from the illness: appropriate
medical advice, the right medicine, and
enough rest. (at work)

4 When problems occur, people usually find

excuses to avoid responsibility. (tendency)

5 The colours of the forest change with the

season. (vary from ... to)
6 1 believe whatever you say and will always
take your side. (favour)

Complete the passage with the correct
forms of the words from this unit.

Educators canp____ what students are
thinking by observing their body language.
Students tend tol forward and
make eye contact with teachers when they are
interested in the lesson. By c

if they have their heads | or look

e they are probably bored, or

a by something else. By looking at
a student's body language, an educator can also
i whether the student is troubled or

having personal problems. Observing students’
body language helps teachers a

students’ behaviour and thus take effective
measures to help them learn better.

Translate the sentences into English
using the words and phrases in brackets.

1 有 些 学 生 回避 与 老师 的 眼神 交流 ， 只
是 因为 担心 被 老师 叫 起 来 回答 问题 。
(merely callon)

2 他 忙 着 写 毕业 论文 ， 几 乎 没有 时 间 好 好
吃饭 。(barely bother, occupy)

3 小 孩子 们 会 盯 着 一 件 他 们 喜欢 的 东西
来 表达 他 们 的 兴趣 。(tendto' stare at,
display)

4 最 终 他 们 赢 了 这 场 比赛 ， 向 所 有 的 球迷
证 明了 他 们 是 一 支 实力 强大 的 足球 队 。
(ultimately, demonstrate)

5 KARMEL RMSRHABZwWH AL
了 他 们 人 生 中 最 困难 的 时 期 。(witness，
get through)

6 恰当 地 利用 肢体 语言 可 以 帮助 你 克服 与
人 交流 的 障碍 。(employ appropriately,
break down, barrier)

Using Structures

Read the passage. Underline and
correct the mistakes.

Body language is as important as words

in communicate with other people. The
crucial factor is recognise the fact that body
language differs in various cultures, but

itis also important to “do in Rome as the
Romans do” For example, show the gesture
for “OK” in many cultures can meaning
“money” in Japan or “zero” in France. By
contrast, make such a gesture in Brazil or
Germany can being offensive!

Of course, some body language is sharing by
all cultures. For instance, waved one’s hand
while see your friend offis like to say “Good-
bye’, and smile often gets people through
difficult situations.

Complete the conversation by

translating the Chinese words
into English. Use the -ing form
if possible.

Rose (R) is asking school counsellor Casey

(C) about body language.

R: Howwill Il know ifsomeone isn't interested
in what I’m saying?

C: Although body language is not the same
for everyone, there are a few general signs
you can look for, such as lack of eye contact,
being distracted,
( 看 天 花 板 or other things like a cell
phone, their body and feet turning away
from you, or
( 突然 改变 主意 ). You could also simply ask
if the topic isn’t interesting or change the
subject by (4
—/ #1 ). For example, ‘Anyway, that’s
enough about my trip; what did you end up

doing this weekend?”

UNIT4 BODY LANGUAGE

R: What does it mean if someone looks at me
all the time?
C: That may mean the person likes you or is

interested in (2%
步 认识 你 ). That type of look usually means
( 请 你 接着 说 下 去 ).

及 : What doesit mean ifa Person stretches
their neck?

C: It could just mean that their neck needs
(伸展 ) On

the otherhand,it couldalsobeasign of

( REINS
A) with the current situation. A person
( 经 历 焦 躁 ) can

also act similarly
及 : What sort of body language can show that
someone is lying?
C: This may vary from person to
person. Some people would avoid
( 凝视 你 的 双眼 )
Others would also shift their bodies, adjust
their clothing, or play with their hair.

Make up at least two sentences
using the -ing form in each
function.

-ing form as the subject

-ing form as the object

* -ing form as the predicative

-ing form as the attribute

-ing form as the adverbial

« -ing formas the object complement

83
WORKBOOK 一 ll — — 本 a

|
Listening and Speaking

| > 1

© 2

84

Listen to a radio interview with Max Snelling and complete the sentences.

Max Snelling wrote a book about in the animal world.

His book talks about how animals use body language 5

In this interview, Max mostly talks about how Use body language.
When we are angry we want to look .

Humans to show that we love and accept each other.

ahwonrn 一

Listen to the interview again and answer the questions.

1 When achimp smiles, how does he likely feel?

2 Why does Max think a chimp smiles when faced with an enemy?

3 How are humans and chimps alike in the way they express anger?

4 What do chimps do to show they love their babies?

5 What does a bigger chimp do to make a smaller chimp feel safe?

In groups, choose at least three
emotions, such as fear, joy, and
sadness. Then discuss these
questions.

1 Are animals different from or —
similar to each other in how they
show their emotions with their
body language?

2 How should you react when you
see certain kinds of body language
from animals?

After your discussion, give a short presentation on animal body language to
the class.

EXAMPLE

Animals often use body language to show their emotions. For example, when it wants to show
fear and tell you to stay away, a bear will slap the ground. This is very different from a dog,
which willl put its tail between its legs to show fear ...
Reading and Writing

— UNIT4 BODY LANGUAGE

™@) 1 Read the text. Match the emotions with the body language and animals on page 86.

ANIMAL BODY LANGUAGE

Human beings are not the only ones who communicate. Animals use body language to tell
each other how they feel and what they think. Here is a quick look at how some of our animal
friends send messages to us and to each other.

Dogs use sounds, body movements, and their tails to
communicate. When a dog is happy, its ears will stand up and
its eyes will be wide open. The dog will start barking, moving
its tail, and running around in circles or jumping up and down
to show you that it wants to play. A dog that is afraid will lay
on its back and close its eyes. The dog may show its teeth
and lower its body so that it is close to the ground. The dog
may also shake, and it will put its tail between its legs. When a
dog is angry, its main body language is showing its teeth and
growling. The dog will try making itself look as big as possible.
The tail will stand straight out from the body.

Elephants also use noises and body language to express
themselves. An elephants sense of smell is highly developed. An
elephant can smell how another elephant is feeling and even tell
if it is sick. The elephants nose, or trunk, is also used to make
noises and to welcome other elephants. Different noises have a
variety of meanings: they can mean “| am hungry”, “I am angry”,
or “Good to see you!” An elephants body language includes ear
signals and gestures. If an elephant spreads its ears, it means
“Watch out!” To show friendship, elephants will touch each other
with their trunks and stand close to each other, putting their
heads together.

Dolphins are social animals. They live in groups and love
showing each other their feelings. An angry dolphin will
sometimes hit its tail on the surface of the water. The
movement and noise let other dolphins know that something
is wrong. If a dolphin wants to send a message over a long
distance, or if it wants to show how strong it is, it will jump
high out of the water and land on its side, making a loud
noise. A dolphin’s favourite activity is leaping into the air while
playing with its friends. When dolphins are tired and need to
rest, they will swim in small groups close to the surface. If you
see dolphins doing this, you should not disturb them.

85

—— WORKBOOK 一 一 一 一 -一

1 happiness * shows teeth and growls a elephant
* ears stand up and eyes wide open

2 fear
¢ shows teeth and lowers body aa

3 anger * spreads ears 3 9

， 。puts its head against another's
4 warnin
ial * hits its tail down to make noise yo dolphin
5 affection ¢ leaps into the air

2  Whatis the cat’s body language communicating in each picture? Here are some
words and expressions you can use. Use a dictionary to help you.

purr meow stretch swish its tail nuzzle its head against her face

3 Give the cat and the girl names. Use these names and the pictures above to write
a story about the cat.

86
*Expanding Your World

BEING FUNNY WITHOUT
SAYING A WORD

Victor Hugo once said, “Laughter is the sun
that drives winter from the human face.” Up to
now, nobody has been able to create laughter
like Charlie Chaplin. He brightened the lives of
millions through two world wars and the hard
years in between. He made people laugh at a
time when they felt depressed, so they could
forget their difficulties.

Not that Charlie’s own life was easy. He was
born to a poor family in 1889. His parents were
both poor music hall performers. To make
money, Charlie learnt to sing as soon as he could speak, and dance as soon as
he could walk. Such training was common in stage families at that time. Every
member of the family performed to help make money. Then his father died, and
so Charlie spent his youth looking after his sick mother and his brother. By his
teens, Charlie had, through his humour, become one of the most popular
child actors in England. No one was bored watching him—he made

everything funny.

As time went by, Chaplin began making silent films, where the

story was told only through body language and gestures. Usually,
Chaplin appeared in these films as the Little Tramp, a poor man with
a moustache, large trousers, worn-out shoes, and a small, round hat.
He walked around stiffly, carrying a walking stick. Even though the Little
Tramp was considered a failure in life, he was still full of kindness and
hope. Like Chaplin, the Little Tramp always tried to turn his sadness into
joy. Chaplin once said, “My pain may be the reason for somebody's laugh.
But my laugh must never be the reason for somebody's pain.” He also
said, “To truly laugh, you must be able to take your pain, and play with it!”

87
WORKBOOK 一

88

In 1914 and 1915，Chaplin worked almost
constantly, making nearly 50 short films. These
films were so popular around the world that by
1916, Chaplin had a salary of $670,000 a year
($15 million in today’s money). Though short films
were in high demand, Chaplin’s popularity allowed
him to take more time and make longer films.
One of these films, The Kid (1921), is considered
to be among the greatest films ever made. In the
film, the Little Tramp finds a baby that has been
abandoned, and raises the child as his own.
While the film has many funny moments, it also
has times of great sadness. As Chaplin said, it
was “a picture with a smile, and perhaps a tear’.

How did the Little Tramp make a sad situation
funny? Here is an example from one of his most
famous films, The Gold Rush (1925). It is around
1900, and gold has just been discovered in
Alaska. The Little Tramp has rushed there in
search of gold, but without success. Instead, he is hiding in a small house on a mountain during
a snowstorm, with nothing to eat. He is so hungry that he has cooked a pair of leather shoes
for dinner. Chaplin first cuts off the laces and eats them as if they were noodles. Then he cuts
off the leather top of the shoe and eats it as if it were the finest beef. Finally, he tries cutting up
and eating the bottom of the shoe, making you believe that this is one of the best meals he has
ever tasted.

When the silent era ended in 1929, Chaplin continued to make films, but these films had little or no
dialogue. They had just music and sound effects. Unfortunately, his style of visual humour had gone
out of style and so his films were not as successful as before. Finally, in 1940, Chaplin gave up silent
films to make The Great Dictator. This became Chaplin’s most successful movie. It was also his last
great success. Essentially, Chaplin went into retirement afterwards, though he made a handful of
films later on.

Charlie Chaplin wrote, directed, and produced the films he starred in. In 1972, he was given a
special Academy Award, which became known as an Oscar in later years, for his contributions to
the film industry. He lived in England and the USA, but spent his last years in Switzerland, where he
died in 1977. He is loved and remembered as a great actor who inspired people during dark times.
UNT5 0

Using Words and Expressions

1 Choose the correct words to
complete the sentences.

1 He managed to the judge
of his innocence. (convince, convinced)
2 Ifyouare that something

is true, you feel sure that it is true.
(convince, convinced)
3 Ahundred years ago, several writers

a future in which robots
would do more work. (vision, envisioned)
4 Although his has not

come true yet, he will continue working
hard to achieve it. (vision, envision)

5 The whole food chain has been affected
by the overuse of in
agriculture. (chemistry, chemicals)

6 Organic is considered to
have originated in the early 19th century.
(chemistry, chemicals)

7 Government support will be

if the project is to succeed.
(essential, essentials)

8 She packed a few and
headed for the countryside. (essential,
essentials)

2 Complete the sentences with the
correct forms of the words in the
box.

expand overcome estimate
generate extension

1 The school board plans to have a(n)
built to the library.
2 Thenewfilm alot of

excitement, and ticket sales were way

beyond our expectations.

3 Unable to his shyness, he
stood there without saying anything.

4 Foreign trade greatly in the
past few years.

5 It that the project will last
more than ten years.

—— WORKING THE LAND

3 Translate the sentences into

English using the words and
phrases in brackets.

1 我 们 需要 通过 大 量 的 调研 来 验证 这 个 假
设 是 否 成 立 。(assumption)

2 妈妈 困惑 的 问题 是 小 宝宝 消化 不 良 。(why
digest)

3 严格 禁止 考试 作 浆 。(Prohibib)

4 我 们 需要 找到 实现 目标 的 最 佳 途径 ， 所
以 向 王 教 授 寻 求 建议 。(attain turn to)

5 在 大 城市 ， 自 行车 正在 成 为 蔡 代 私家 车
出 行 的 短途 交通 工具 。(alternative means
oftransport)

Use the correct forms of the
expressions in the box to complete
the passage. What other agricultural
changes do you know about?

it is estimated
increase output
boost the development

a diversity of
the need for
widespread use

By around 3000 BCE, the Egyptians had begun
to use oxen to pull ploughs. The use of animals
greatly improved agricultural production and
reduced humans to perform
the heavy labour. Horses, donkeys, mules, and
water buffaloes were all used for farm work.
With today’s technological developments,
the of machines has largely
replaced animals in farm work. These machines
can carry out tasks such
as ploughing and planting, fertilising and
irrigating, harvesting, and managing pest,
weed, and disease control. Farm machinery
has of agriculture, and
greatly. For example,
that one farmer on a cotton-
picking machine can harvest as much ina day
as 100 people working by hand.

89
WORKBOOK —

90

Using Structures

1 Rewrite the sentences using
subject clauses.

EXAMPLE
Id like you to find out how new technologies
can increase grape production in Binchuan
county. »
What I’d like you to find out is how new
technologies can increase grape production in
Binchuan county.

1 We wanted to know where he had lost the
laptop. »
Where
was what we wanted to know.

2 The way in which he did the experiment

was puzzling to other people.»
How

was puzzling to other people.
3 Do they use too many chemical pesticides?

I worry about this most.»
Whether

is what I worry about most.

4 People are happy to see that the living
conditions and income of the farmers have
improved a lot. »

That
makes people happy.

5 We have not decided on the date for the

sports meet yet.»
When
has not been decided on yet.

2 Make sentences using subject
clauses with the help of the cues.
EXAMPLE
he thought / completely wrong
What he thought was completely wrong.

1 hesaid / reasonable

2 she will accept the invitation / not clear yet

3 the animals are moving to / not exactly
known

4 you have recovered from your illness / a
great relief to us

5 he has become distant recently / my concern

Circle and correct the mistake in
each sentence.

1 What have I forgotten is that I have a test
today.

2 Who left me these flowers are not clear to
me.

3 This is obvious that students should prepare
well for their future.

4 Whos ticket this is has not been confirmed.

5 When the test will be given have not been
decided.

Combine each pair of sentences
using the word in brackets.

1 Can we control pests without causing any
ill effects? This still remains a question.
(Whether)

2 Agriculture is the foundation of our country.
This is well known. (Jt)

3 Some less-developed countries are suffering
from food shortages. It is a serious problem
in the world. (That)

4 Some herdsmen in Inner Mongolia fix
electronic sensors to their cattle to monitor
their movements. It is true that they are

doing this. (It)

The overuse of chemicals in farming
has caused serious pollution in
nature. Prepare a speech about
what worries you most and how to

Itis quite common/, important/’ necessary that ...
Whether... depends on ...

That ... is what ...

What matters mostis that ...
Listening and Speaking

1

O@

ae

= : UNIT5 WORKING THE LAND “一 一 一

Each of the photos below represents an innovation in agriculture. In pairs,
discuss what you think these innovations might be.

bh a

Listen to three news reports about agriculture. Match each report with one of

the photos above.

News report 1:

News report 2:

News report 3:

Listen to the news reports again and take notes. Then fill in the table below.

News report 1

News report 2

Who Intelligent Growth
Solutions
What The well-respected the UK's first
and commercial vertical farm.
agricultural
died of
When He died on
Where His work was at Hebei Near Dundee.
Agricultural University
and
Why He wanted Farmland has become
. Meanwhile,
many countries lack
enough to
grow the crops they need.
How He helped farmers to ina

and escape

greenhouse in large trays,
stacked one above the other.

News report 3

Gerald Kibugi

Won an award for creating
Green House Do It Yourself
software.

Fair, Kenya.

Farmers do not have
the time to read and

learnt from
books on greenhouse
farming.

This software allows
farmersto__———irn

In groups, discuss a news story about agriculture that you have heard about

recently.

e Answer questions about your story: who, what, when, where, why, and how.
e Use the answers to report your story. You can include quotes in your talk.

91
ee

—— WORKBOOK 一 - — - oo a

Reading and Writing

1 Look at the title and the picture. What do you expect to read in the text?

™@) 2 Read the text and then answer the questions on page 93.

BETTER, GREENER LIVES AWAY FROM THE CITY

While the dream of most university graduates is to start a successful career in a big city, more
and more young people are choosing to stay in their own hometowns so they can stay with
their family and friends. For some young people, it is also a matter of making the quality of life
for other people in their hometowns better. They also have a desire to improve and maintain
the natural and economic environments in these places for generations to come.

Li Dan is a woman who has discovered that returning home to work in the field of agriculture
could offer her both a meaningful challenge and a good standard of living. Born in a small
village in Southwest China, she decided not to follow many of her former classmates to the city
after getting her degree at university. Instead, she returned to her village and started her own
fruit-growing business. Working hard over the last several years, and taking advantage of new
technology and the Internet, she has expanded her business to include agritourism. Moreover,
her company’s annual income has reached six million yuan and more than 50 new jobs have
been created. As a result, her decision has also helped to alleviate poverty and improve the
lives of many people in her village.

With China’s population expected to continue rising in the coming years, the government
understands the importance of agriculture. It also understands that university graduates can
help come up with better ways to grow crops, and develop new, creative ways of farming
using modern technology. To help these young people with their bright and innovative ideas,
the government is providing financial help. Business development loans are becoming easier
for these young people to obtain, too. Government policies that aim to eliminate poverty are
also having a beneficial effect.

“Life in big cities is not all it's cracked up to be,” said Zhang Tao, from Binchuan county in Yunnan
Province, adding that the air was bad, transport was terrible, and it was hard to make a decent
living. What life in one’s hometown offers is a strong support network. More importantly, this
network is also a good one for getting new agribusinesses up and running quite quickly. Thus, it
is no surprise that more new graduates are now attracted to life in the country, where they can
fulfil personal goals and contribute to their local communities rather than just being white-collar
professionals in big cities.

92

- UNIT5 WORKING THE LAND

What do some young people hope to achieve by living in their hometowns?
How has Li Dan’s decision to work in her hometown contributed to her community?
Why does the government support people who want to stay and work in their hometowns?

Based on the context, what do you think the sentence “Life in big cities is not all it’s
cracked up to be” means?

5 What is meant by “a strong support network”?

Bon —

3 Discuss the following questions in groups.

1 Which would you prefer: living in a big city or living in the country? Why?
2  Howcan you best contribute to your hometown?

4 Make alist of three advantages and three disadvantages of working in the city and
working in the country. Write your notes in the table below.

Advantage Disadvantage
Working in the city 1 1

2 2

3 3
Working in the country 1 1

2 2

3 3

5 Use the table above to decide which choice you prefer. For each advantage, add
one detail. For the disadvantages, add a reason why they do not matter a lot to
you. Use the outline below to help you write an essay.

In my opinion, working in the city/country is better.

First, (Advantage 1)

( Detail )

Second, (Advantage 2)
( Detail )
Finally, (Advantage 3)
( Detail )

Of course, there are some disadvantages to working in the city/country.
For example, (disadvantage)
In addition, (disadvantage)
However, (reasons they do not bother you)

Allin all, | would prefer to work in the city/country.

93

WORKBOOK 一 a - 一 一 一 a —

panding Your World

AMAZING METHODS OF

AGRICULTURE

Agriculture has come a long way from its ancient beginnings. Long ago, farmers would
work hard on their individual plots of land, using simple tools or even their bare hands.
They tended to their crops for many hours each day so that the crops grew well and
did not suffer from pests or disease. Luck played a great part in farming. For example, a
single storm could destroy a whole year’s work, while a summer of good weather could
ensure a good harvest. Where farms were located was often critical to success, too. In
hilly countries, some lucky farmers would have land in the lowlands—full of deep, rich
soil, while other unlucky farmers would have land on the hills with hard soil full of stones.
In addition, some areas would simply be too dry or too wet to grow much of value.

Modern science and technology have helped to greatly reduce the back-breaking labour
involved in farming, along with the reliance on luck and guesswork. These advances

have enabled people in various countries to benefit from exceptional innovations in crop
production.

Probably one of the most beneficial innovations is drip irrigation,
which has made it possible to develop big, green farms in the
_ middle of the desert. While there have been experiments in
= different places in the past to make drip irrigation a reality, it is
in the Middle Eastern country of Israel that drip irrigation has
become a modern success.

How Simcha Blass, a scientist, discovered this new way of
irrigation is rather interesting. He was visiting a friend in the
Israeli desert in the 1930s when he noticed something unusual. There was a row of
trees near his friend’s house, and one of them was much taller than the others. When
Blass dug around the roots to find out what the secret was, he discovered that the
house's water pipe had a small leak at the base of the tree. The pipe’s steady drip onto
the tree's roots was giving it just enough water at the perfect rate to grow strong and
quickly. oo

Through this discovery, farmers can now produce crops on arid land without needing
‘much water. This irrigation method uses far less water than other methods. The limited
and focused use of just the right amount of water also denies moisture to weeds and
pests, keeping them from harming the crops.

Drip irrigation deals with a lack of water in an area. However, what if an area has plenty
of water, but little usable soil? As it turns out, it is possible to grow plants without using
soil at all. With hydroponics, plant roots are supported by rocks, glass beads, or a
fibre mat. Nutrient-rich water is then provided so that
the plants can grow. Given that China has many areas
where soil conditions are poor, Chinese researchers
have been experimenting with hydroponics since
the 1970s. Recent research has centred on vertical
hydroponics farming. With a vertical farm, the crops are
planted in trays that are stacked into plant skyscrapers.
Furthermore, nearly all hydroponic farms and vertical
farms are either partially or fully automated.

Besides drip irrigation and hydroponics, scientists have made impressive innovations
in agricultural machinery. Of course, the most important and useful agricultural
machines, such as tractors and harvesters, were invented long ago. However, many
such machines are now self-driving. They use cameras and a positioning system to
see where they are and where they are going, and their
routes can be planned by a computer. Depending upon
the crop, some farms hundreds or thousands of hectares
in size can be managed by just a handful of workers |
using machines such as these. For fruit cultivation, -
robots are now being employed in some countries. For ，
instance, in Japan, robots are used to spray individual
grape clusters with insecticide, trim them so they are

all of equal size, bag them so that they can be further 。，
protected from pests and the elements, and then harvest
them when they are ripe. In other countries, robots are being used to harvest oranges
and strawberries, plant rice, and spray pesticides. The field of agricultural robotics is still
in its infancy, so there is still a need for human labour to harvest many crops. To help
ease this burden, there are also robots that can help workers carry fruit and vegetables
to storage areas.

With such technological advances, the image of a farmer pushing a plough will
eventually become a thing of the past. Farmers, of the future are more likely to be
technicians working in control rooms, sure nded ye computers and monitors, Indeed,

some farmers aieady are.

Appendices 附录

96

Notes 注释

Unit 1
TU YOUYOU AWARDED NOBEL PRIZE 履 哟 哟 获 诺 贝尔 奖

这 是 英文 报刊 上 新 闻 报道 的 标题 。 新 闻 标 题 通 常 具有 用 词 精准 、 主 题 明 确 、 简 明 扼 要 等 特征 。 在 英
文 新 闻 标 题 中 可 以 省 略 虚 词 ， 使 标题 更 加 简洁 。 本 文 标题 就 省 略 了 助动词 和 冠 词 。 英 语 中 使 用 全 大 写 的
情况 并 不 多 见 ， 一 般 只 在 正 标题 、 广 告 等 中 使 用 。 报 刊 标题 的 呈现 形式 一 般 首 字 母 大 写 ， 尤 其 是 实 词 首
字母 大 写 。 如 ，

Missing Boy Found Dead 失踪 男孩 遇难

诺 贝 尔 奖 ( Nobel Prize) 是 世界 公认 的 最 具 影 响 力 的 国际 性 奖项 之 一 。 该 奖项 是 依据 瑞典 化 学 家 、
企业 家 、 发 明 家 阿尔 弗 雷 德 . (ALA - 诺 贝 尔 ( Alfred Bernhard Nobel, 1883—1896 ) 遗嘱 ， 将 其 遗产
( 3100 万 瑞典 克朗 ) 作为 基金 设立 的 奖项 ， 旨 在 奖励 在 多 个 领域 为 人 类 社会 作出 卓越 贡献 的 杰出 人 士 。
该 奖项 最 初 设 物 理学 、 化 学 、 生 理学 或 医学 、 文 学 、 和 平等 五 个 领域 分 项 ， 后 来 增设 经 济 学 奖 。

In 1967, the Chinese government formed a team of scientists with the objective
of discovering a new treatment for malaria, and Tu Youyou was among the first
researchers chosen. 19674, +HRAAET -RUARRAT ERMA BA BNNEFRIM,
履 鹃 哟 是 其 中 首 批 入 选 的 研究 人 员 。

这 是 一 个 由 and 连 接 而 成 的 并 列 复合 句 。 介 词 短语 with the objective … 作 第 一 个 分 句 的 状语 ， 表 示
目的 。 短 语 中 的 objective 也 可 用 aim、purpose、goal 等 替换 。 如 ;

He tried a second time with the aim of being chosen. 他 又 试 了 第 二 回 ， 希 望 能 被 选 上 。

He came here with the purpose of carrying out an important task. 他 来 这 里 是 为 了 执行 一 项 重要 的 任务 。

第 二 个 分 句 中 chosen 是 过 去 分 词 用 作 定 语 ， 修 饰 the first researchers。 分 词 或 分 词 短语 作 定语 经 党
ge. MM:

the trees newly planted by the river 河 边 新 种 的 树木

the book bought yesterday 昨天 买 的 书

One medical text from the fourth century suggested using the extract from sweet
wormwood to treat a fever. 一 本 四 世纪 的 医药 文献 推荐 使 用 青 蒿 提取 物 来 治疗 发 烧 。

文中 提 到 的 医学 文献 源 自我 国 东 晋 名 医 、 医 药学 家 葛 洪 ( 公元 284 一 364 年 ) 所 著 的 《 肘 后 备 急
方 》 书 中 收集 了 大 量 救急 用 的 实用 诊疗 良 方 。“ 肘 后 ”是 “ 带 在 身边 ”的 意思 ， 书 名 表示 它 是 一 本 常
备 实用 手册 。

Upon hearing that she had been awarded the Nobel Prize, ... 当 听 到 自己 被 授予 诺 贝尔 奖

在 本 句 中 ,“ 介 词 upon + 动词 -pg 形式 ”构成 介词 短语 ， 用 作 时 间 状 语 。upon 还 可 换 为 介词 on， 表
示 一 件 事 紧 接着 另 一 件 事 而 发 生 。 这 种 用 法 常见 于 正式 的 文体 ， 依 据 语 境 ， 可 译作 “在 …… 的 时 候 ;
图 eee Bee” MO:

Upon graduating, he joined a small law firm. 一 毕业 他 就 加 入 了 一 个 小 型 律师 事务 所 。

Upon finishing it, | was struck by the feeling that it was the best composition | had ever written. 我 写
完 这 篇 作文 时 ， 就 感到 这 是 我 写 过 的 最 好 的 作文 。

Upon their return to the country, the girls volleyball team received praise and flowers. 女排 姑娘 们 一

回国 ， 就 收 到 了 赞誉 和 鲜花 。

Alexander Fleming

RHAAFR, 19459
BA, BSepk-Dh
学 取得 了 划时代 的 进步 。

历 山 大 . #3289 (1881 一 1955)

诺 贝 尔 生理 学 或 医学 奖 获奖 者 之 一 。 他 于 1928 年 从 绿 老 中 发 现 并 提纯 了 青

究 并 成 功用 于 临床 医治 。 这 一 成 果 结 束 了 细菌 性 传染 病 无 药 可 医 的 历史 ， 使 医

Florence Nightingale 弗 洛 伦 斯 南 丁 格 尔 (1820 一 1910)

英国 著名 护士 ， 近 代 护 理学 和 护士 教育 的 创始 人 。 她 通过 自己 的 辛勤 奉献 和 毕生 努力 ， 使 得 医疗 护

理工 作 受 到 尊重 ， 极 大 地 提

高 了 护士 的 社会 地 位 及 形象 。 南 丁 格 尔 的 成 功 不 仅 在 于 她 带领 的 队伍 拯救 了

许多 伤员 ， 她 还 在 护理 和 医院 管理 上 带 来 了 世界 范围 的 改革 。 因 为 她 常 在 深夜 提 着 灯 在 医院 里 探望 病
人 ， 受 伤 的 士兵 亲切 地 称 她 为 “ 提 灯 女士 ”“ 提 灯 天 使 ”。
天 ， 就 是 为 了 纪念 这 位 近代 护理 事业 的 创始 人 。

国际 护士 节 设 在 5 月 12 日 南 丁 格 尔 生日 这

He had a thick moustache and long white hair, which sometimes stood on end as
though he had just received an electric shock. 他 胡须 浓密 ， 头 发 又 长 又 白 ， 有 时 会 像 刚 遭 了

电击 似 的 坚 起 来 。

stand on end 是 竖立 起 来 的 意思 。 英 语

Unit 2

中 有 一 句 倡 语 make one’s hair stand on end 意思 是 “ 令 人 毛 骨

In the future, we will be using advanced technology every day for automatic control
of just about everything in our home. 在 未 来 ， 我 们 每 天 都 会 使 用 先进 技术 对 家 中 几乎 所 有 东西

进行 自动 化 控制 。

just about 在 句 中 意 为 “几乎 ; 近乎 ; ERS”,

相当 于 almost。 如 :

Youve met just about everyone. 你 几乎 每 个 人 都 见 到 了 。

A: Have you finished

your work? 你 的 工作 完成 了 吗 ?

B: Just about. 差不多 了 。

just about 还 可 以 表示 “大 概 ; KA”,

相当 于 approximately。 如 :

They should be arriving just about now. 他 们 现在 大 概 该 到 了 。

Your lights will come on the instant you enter the door along with your favourite
music or TV programmes, and you will find your dinner already prepared for you. 你
还 有 你 最 喜欢 的 音乐 或 电视 节目 (会 自动 播放 ) ， 而 且 你 会 发 现 晚餐 已 为 你 准

一 进 家 门 ， 灯 就 会 亮 起 ，
备 好 了 。

名 中 的 the instant (that) 起 连词 作用 ， 表 示 时 间 ， 意 思 是

“一 …… 就 ……”，that 常 省 略 。 如 :

| recognised her the instant (= as soon as) | saw her. 我 一 眼 就 认 出 她 了 。
The instant he finished transferring the payment, he started having second thoughts. 完 成 转账 付款

那 一 刻 ， 他 就 开始 有 了 不

意义 和 用 法 近似 的 短 谍

同 的 想法 。

Bi the moment (that). #0:

He said he’d phone you the moment he got home. 他 说 他 一 到 家 就 给 你 打 电 话 。

The moment we get the money, we’
instant 单 独 作 名 词 时 ，

I'll be back in an instant. 我 马上 就 回来 。
At that very instant, the queen entered the hall. 就 在 那个 时 刻 ， 女 王 走 进 了 大 厅

【 思考 instant 还 可

instant coffee

| send the ticket. 我 们 一 收 到 钱 就 会 把 票 寄 出 。
表示 “瞬间 ; 片刻 ”， 相 当 于 moment。 如 :

作 形 容 词 ， 你 能 猜 出 它 在 下 列 短语 中 的 意思 吗 ?
an instant Success

Notes

97
Appendices

98

For example, if a water pipe starts leaking, or if there is a short in the electrical wiring,
your smart home will detect it and provide you with the relevant information. 例如 ， 如 果 水
管 漏水 或 发 生 电 线 短路 ， 你 的 智能 家 居 将 会 探测 出 来 ， 并 给 你 提供 相关 的 信息 。

shor 在 句 中 是 名 词 ， 相 当 于 short circuit, BA “( BA) 短路 " 。 如 :
The fire was caused by a short in the neighbour's house. 这 次 火灾 是 由 邻居 家 的 电线 短路 引起 的 。

Unit 3

| wake up to the sound of the wind buffeting the cloth of my tent. 风 只 里 哟 啦 地 拍打 着 我
的 帐篷 ， 我 在 这 声响 中 醒 来 。

wake up to 在 句 中指 因 为 听 到 风 拍 打 帐 竹 发 出 的 声响 而 醒 来 。wake up to 还 可 指 “意识 到 或 认识
到 ”的 意思 。 如 :

We must wake up to the fact that we have to depend on ourselves. 我 们 应 该 认识 到 必须 依靠 自己
的 现实 。

buffet 在 句 中 作 动 词 ， 指 风势 猛烈 ， 只 里 哟 啦 地 拍打 着 帐篷 的 布 。buffet 作 动 词 时 ， 意 为 “( 风 、 雨
或 浪 ) AA RRR; 连续 猛 击 ” 。 如 :

The rain buffeted the window. | couldn’t fall asleep at all 大 十 拍打 着 窗户 ， 我 根本 无 法 入 睡 。

buffet 还 可 作 名 词 ， 意 为 “自助 餐 ”。 如 ，

a buffet lunch 自助 午餐

[ 思考 】 buffet 作 名 词 和 作 动词 时 ， 发 音 一 样 吗 ? 你 知道 还 有 哪些 英语 单词 有 类 似 的 发 音 变化 ? 请 列
出 三 个 类 似 的 单词 ， 并 举例 说 明 它 们 的 意思 。

FH

I’m in the remote far north of Sweden in Sarek National Park, a place with no roads
or towns. 我 身 处 瑞典 北端 偏远 的 萨 勒 克 国家 公园 ， 一 个 既 没 有 公路 也 没有 城镇 的 地 方 。

萨 勒 克 国 家 公园 ， 位 于 瑞典 北部 ， 设 立 于 1909 一 1910 年 ， 是 欧洲 最 古老 的 国家 公园 之 一 ， 也 是
萨 米 人 生活 的 家 园 。 萨 勒 克 国家 公园 地 貌 丰 富 ， 包 括 冰川 、 河 流 、 峡 谷 、 山 峰 等 。 公 园 内 野生 动物 有

狗熊 、 狼 获 、 驼 鹿 、 狂 猎 等 ， 野 生 植物 在 高 山地 区 以 地 衣 蔡 花 和 灌木 为 主 ， 著 名 景观 包括 拉 帕 山谷
( Rapa Valley )。 萨 勒 克 国家 公园 风景 壮美 奇 绝 ， 吸 引 了 世界 各 地 的 众多 登山 爱好 者 和 徒步 爱好 者 。

Following the reindeer were the Sami people, who made this territory their home. 在
驯鹿 之 后 来 的 是 萨 米 人 ， 他 们 在 这 片 土地 上 安家 落户 。

驯鹿 reindeer 的 复数 形式 可 以 是 reindeer 或 reindeers。 这 种 鹿 生 活 在 北极 圈 附 近 ， 成 年 雄性 和 雌性
头 部 都 能 长 出 像 树枝 一 样 的 巨大 鹿角 。

BAA the Sami， 也 作 the Saami。 他 们 是 生活 在 斯 堪 的 纳 维 亚 北部 地 区 的 游牧 民族 ， 是 北欧 原 住
民 ， 以 放牧 驯鹿 为 生 。

Following the reindeer were the Sami people 是 主 谓语 倒 装 ， 主 语 the Sami people 后 置 ， 以 便 与 后
的 定语 从 句 更 好 地 衔接 ， 语 义 上 也 更 连贯 。 同 样 的 信息 用 常规 的 语句 表达 就 成 了 “People were following
he reindeer. They were the Sami people and they made this territory their home.”， 但 这 会 显得 句 式 单调 ，
语言 平淡 。

[8% 】 你 知道 的 倒 装 句 还 有 哪些 ? 请 再 写 出 两 个 倒 装 句 。

If today is anything like yesterday, it will be full of sweat and hard work as | hike
over this difficult land to my destination on the other side of the valley. 如 果 今 天 和 昨
天 差不多 ， 那 将 会 充满 汗水 和 艰辛 ， 因 为 我 要 徒步 跨越 这 片 地 形 艰险 的 土地 ， 到 达 山 谷 另 一 端的 目的 地 。
— = : : = Notes

anything like 后 面 可 以 接 人 或 物 : anything like somebody/something， 意 思 是 “与 …… 相 像 ; 多 少
ARR’. UM:

He isn’t anything like his twin sister. He is very outgoing and talkative. 他 和 他 双胞胎 姐姐 ( 或 妹妹 )
可 不 太 像 。 他 特别 外 向 而 且 健谈 。

ls this teapot anything like what your grandpa needs? 这 个 茶壶 多 少 还 符合 你 祖父 的 需要 吧 ?

5 Theme Park 主题 公园

主题 公园 和 一 般 娱乐 公园 的 不 同 之 处 在 于 ， 它 提供 的 各 种 活动 都 和 主题 互相 关联 。 主 题 公 园 的 主题
包罗 万 象 ， 例 如 星际 旅行 、 历 史 传奇 、 民 俗 文化 等 。 主 题 公 园 一 般 只 需要 购买 一 次 性 门票 ， 便 可 畅 玩 园 中
各 种 设施 。 主 题 公园 内 有 多 种 游乐 设施 和 娱乐 活动 ， 例 如 : 过 山 车 、 摩 天 轮 、 花 车 游行 、 节 目 表演 等 。

迪士尼 乐园 ( Disneyland )， 也 叫 作 迪士尼 主题 公园 。 迪 士 尼 乐园 是 世界 上 最 早 开 业 的 主题 公园 。
第 一 个 迪士尼 乐园 于 1955 年 在 美国 加 利 福 尼 亚 州 阿 纳 海 姆 开放 营业 ， 之 后 在 美国 奥兰多 、 法 国 巴 黎 、
本 东京 、 中 国 香港 等 地 陆续 建成 和 开放 迪士尼 乐园 ，2016 年 开放 的 迪士尼 乐园 位 于 中 国 上 海 。

多 莉 山 主题 公园 ( Dolywood )， 位 于 美国 田纳西 州 大 烟 山 ， 是 展现 美国 东南 部 传统 文化 的 主题 公
司 内 有 与 伐木 相关 的 游乐 设施 和 娱乐 项 目 ， 常 年 举办 乡村 音乐 表演 和 传统 工艺 展示 ， 非 常 适合 对 美
传统 文化 感 兴 BAR. WA RAINES 构 过 山 车 。

H 画

长 隆 海洋 王 Chimelong Ocean Kingdom )， 位 于 中 国 珠海 ，2014 年 开放 ， 是 亚洲 最 大 的 以 海洋 为
主题 的 超大 型 主题 乐园 。 公 园 占 地 上 万 平方 千 米 ， 有 八大 园区 。 园 内 有 不 同 的 珍稀 海洋 动物 和 极地 动物
展 馆 ， 还 有 各 种 现代 化 游乐 设施 和 表演 ， 自 开园 之 日 起 ， 就 吸引 了 众多 中 外 游客 。 该 乐园 的 海洋 鱼 类 展
馆 还 创下 了 最 大 水 族 馆 、 最 大 水 族 箱 、 最 大 亚克力 板 、 最 大 水 底 观 景 窗 、 最 大 水 底 观 景 窜 项 等 五 个 吉 尼
斯 世界 纪录 。

6 Whichever and whatever you like, there is an incredible theme park that will appeal
to you! 无 论 你 喜欢 哪 一 个 ， 无 论 你 喜欢 什么 ， 总 会 有 一 个 奇妙 无 比 的 主题 公园 让 你 流连 忘 返 !

whichever 是 由 “which + ever” 构 成 的 复合 词 ， 意 思 是 “任何 一 个 ; 无 论 哪 个 ; 无 论 哪些 " 。 如 :

You can use whichever colour you like. 你 可 以 用 任何 一 种 颜色 。

Whichever route you take, it takes almost the same amount of time. 不 管 你 走 哪 一 条 路 ， 花 的 时 间
都 差不多 。

[2%] RiBH “wh- Sis + ever” 构 成 的 复合 词 还 有 whatever、whenever、wherever、whoever
等 。 你 能 说 出 这 些 词 的 意思 ， 并 分 别 造句 吗 ?

appeal to eee “HRS; Wo BRAN”. appeal to 还 可 以 用 来 表示 “呼吁 ; BR; 诉
诸 ; 求助 于 ”的 意思 。

The idea of chine aniraan abroad really appeals to me. 去 国外 教 汉语 这 个 想法 特别 吸引 我 。

The mayor went on TV to appeal to the public to stay calm. 市 长 在 电视 上 呼吁 公众 保持 冷静 。

In order to solve the desertification problem, the farmers appealed to scientists for help. 为 了 解决 士
地 沙化 的 问题 ， 农 民 们 向 科学 家 求助 。

© Unit 4

1 In other countries, by contrast, eye contact is not always approved of. 相反 ， 在 另 一 些
国家 ， 眼 神 交 流 并 不 总 是 被 认可 。

这 个 句子 的 着 眼 点 在 行为 ， 而 非 行为 的 实施 者 ， 所 以 使 用 被 动 语 态 。 同 时 ， 被 动 语 态 的 使 用 还 表现
出 行文 的 客观 和 正式 ， 这 也 是 被 动 语 态 的 一 种 重要 的 语 用 功能 。 如 :

It is usually considered rude to talk at the dinner table with your mouth full. 在 餐桌 上 ， 满 嘴 食 物 与 人
交谈 通常 会 被 视 为 无 礼 的 表现 。

99
Appendices 一 四 四

100

In France, a person encountering an identical gesture may interpret it as meaning
zero. 在 法 国 ， 看 到 同一 个 手势 的 人 可 能 会 将 其 解读 为 “ 零 ” 。

句 中 的 两 个 -pg 短语 功能 不 同 。 第 一 个 -pg 短语 encountering the identical gesture 作 定语 ， 修 饰 名
词 person。-jng 短语 作 定 语 时 通常 后 置 ， 而 单个 的 -png 用 作 定 语 则 大 多 前 置 。 如

children playing soccer on the playground 操场 上 踢 球 的 孩子 们

flowing water 流水

另外 一 个 -ng 短语 meaning zero 作 介词 as 的 宾语 。 如 :

Without providing the required personal information, you'd be considered as having given up on the
test. 若 未 完整 填写 所 要 求 的 个 人 信息 ， 你 将 被 视 为 弃 考 。

Many students are quite shy and don’t speak all that much. 许多 学 生生 性 须 膜 , TRS.

“not (all) that + 形容 词 或 副词 ”是 一 种 较为 口语 化 的 表达 方式 ， 意 为 “不 那么 …… ; 并 不 多
么 ……”， 引 有 加 强 语气 的 作用 。 表 达 时 如 果 再 加 上 肢体 语言 ， 这 一 结构 就 会 具有 更 强 的 描述 性 和 画面
感 。 如 :
The car is not (all) that easy to drive. 这 辆 车 并 不 那么 好 开 。
The project wasn’t (all) that successful. 这 个 项 目 并 非 那么 成 功 。

So, how can | really know what makes each student tick? 那么 ， 我 是 如 何 搞 清 楚 每 个 学 生
为 何 会 这 样 的 呢 ?

what makes somebody tick 表 示 “ 形 成 某 人 性 格 ( 影响 某 人 行为 ) 的 思想 ( 情感 、 见 解 ); ERA
这 样 做 的 原因 ”， 翻 译 时 要 酌情 考虑 措辞 。 如 :

lve never really understood what makes her tick. 我 一 直 没 搞 清楚 她 为 何 会 是 这 样 一 个 人 。

People are curious to know what makes firefighters tick. 人 们 很 好 奇 ， 想 知道 那些 消防 员 们 工作 的
动力 所 在 。

Their eyes barely move, and they always have the same distant expression on their
faces. It is as though they are asleep with their eyes open. 他 们 的 眼睛 几乎 不 动 ， 脸 上 表
HULA, RBS IRE.

在 Its as though ... 这 句 话 中 ，i 指 代 前 一 句 描述 的 行为 表现 ( 眼睛 几乎 不 动 ， 表 情 疏 远 呆 滞 )。 连
词 as though 相 当 于 as if, BA “BR; 好 比 " 。 作 者 认为 那些 “眼睛 几乎 不 动 ， 表 情 疏 远 呆 淆 ”的 学 生
就 是 “ 睁 着 眼睛 在 睡觉 ” 。 如 :
It seems as though/if everyone else has finished their homework. 好 像 其 他 人 都 已 经 把 作业 做 完了 。
( 事实 就 是 自己 落后 了 )
[ 思考 】 请 把 下 面 句 子 译 成 汉语 ， 并 说 明说 话 者 的 含义 。
It looks as though it’s going to rain.
All of a sudden, Jack jumped as though he had been struck by lightning.

While it is easy to perceive when students are interested, bored, or distracted, it is
sometimes much harder to distinguish when students are troubled. 尽管 学 生 们 何 时 (对
讲课 ) 感 兴趣 、 何 时 感到 无 聊 或 精力 不 集中 是 容易 察觉 的 ， 但 要 发 现 学 生 何 时 有 困扰 有 时 会 难得 多 。

句 中 连词 while 表 示 让 步 关系 ， 意 为 “虽然 ; 尽管 " ， 相 当 于 though、although。 如 ;
While | like Ronald personally, | do not approve of what he has done this time. 尽管 我 自己 喜欢 罗 纳
尔 德 ， 但 我 并 不 支持 他 这 次 所 做 的 事 。

However, if a student does not bother to brush her hair and her eyes are red from
weeping, then | can infer that there are deeper issues at work. 但 是 ， 要 是 学 生 都 懒得 杭
bother za) PRA “Hib; 因 …… 操心 ”等 。 这 种 用 法 常见 于 否定 句 和 疑问 句 ， 形 成 (not) bother
to do 或 doing 结 构 。 如 :
Gwen jutted her chin forward, nose in the air, and did not bother to answer the teacher. 格 温 把 下 巴
MSZS5, ATMA, ABBAS! IHN).
He didn’t bother to complain about the matter. 他 都 懒得 就 这 件 事 抱怨 。

at work 这 一 短语 的 基本 意思 是 “在 上 班 ; 在 工作 ”， 但 是 在 课文 这 个 句子 中 ， 表 示 “ 起 着 某 一 特定
影响 或 作用 ”。 如 :

You can't find my parents at home now. They're at work. 你 现在 在 家 找 不 着 我 爸 妈 的 ， 因 为 他 们 上
班 去 了 。

With your antivirus software at work, your computer is well protected. 有 杀毒 软件 发 挥 作用 ， 你 的 电
脑 受到 了 很 好 的 保护 。

Unit 5

Indeed, his slim but strong body is just like that of millions of Chinese farmers, to
whom he has devoted his life. 确实 ， 他 瘦削 但 结实 的 身躯 看 起 来 和 他 为 之 奉献 了 一 生 的 千 千 万 万
的 中 国 农民 一 样 。

devote... to 是 个 动词 短语 ， 表 示 “ 把 ( 时 间 、 精 力 或 注意 力 ) 投入 ， 用 于 ”， 也 可 以 搭配 反 身 代词
devote oneself to, 表示 “致力 于 ; 专心 于 ”， 注 意 这 里 to 用 作 介词 。 如 :

She decided to quit her job and devote more time to painting. 她 决定 辞 掉 工 作 ， 把 更 多 的 时 间 用 在
画 画 上 。

They devoted themselves to helping these homeless people. 他 们 全 身心 地 帮助 这 些 无 家 可 归 的 人 。

Yuan Longping realised that larger fields were not the solution. Instead, farmers
needed to boost yields in the fields they had. RTSiNzl, PAAMNMAHREY ARE
面积 ， 而 是 农民 们 需要 提高 他 们 已 有 土地 上 农作物 的 产量 。

yield 在 句 中 作 名 词 ， 表 示 “ 产 量 ; 收益 " 。 如 :

high yield 高 产 low yield 低 产

It will bring you a 6% yield on your investment. 它 会 给 你 的 投资 带 来 69 的 利润 。

yield 还 可 以 作 动 词 ， 除 了 表示 “生产 ; 产 出 ”之 外 ， 还 可 以 表示 “屈服 ; 放弃 ”之 意 。 如 :

The fruit trees in his orchards yield alarge amount of apples and pears every year 他 果园 的 果树 每
年 产 出 大 量 的 苹果 和 梨 。

These experiments yielded important data for the research. 这 些 实验 为 研究 提供 了 重要 的 数据 。

We shall never yield to the difficulties. 我 们 绝 不 会 向 困难 低头 。

| 思考 】 你 知道 ayield sign 里 的 yield 是 什么 意思 吗 ?

Today, it is estimated that about 60 percent of domestic rice consumption in China
is comprised of crops generated from Yuan's hybrid strains, and his strains have
allowed China’s farmers to produce around 200 million tons of rice per year. 据 估算 ，
DUCE PRE BRA PEK SAL 60% A ESEMVARSO KAS PTI TE, EA (形成 的 作物 )
让 中 国 农民 每 年 能 够 生产 出 大 约 两 亿 吨 稻米 。

这 个 句子 的 真正 主语 是 从 句 that about 60 ... per year。 因 为 真正 的 主语 太 长 ， 为 了 避免 句子 头 重 脚 轻 ，
所 以 用 形式 主语 it。 英语 中 还 有 许多 类 似 |tis estimated that … 这 样 的 结构 ， 用 来 将 真正 主语 后 置 。 如 :

It is said/believed/reported that …
domestic 在 句 中 作 形 容 词 ， 表 示 “ 国 内 的 ” 。 如 :

一 一 - Notes

101

Appendices — = a

102

domestic flights 国内 航班 ， domestic policy 国内 政策 GDP (gross domestic product) 国内 生产 总 值
domestic 作 形 容 词 还 可 以 表示 “家 庭 的 ; 家 务 事 的 " 。 如 :
domestic violence 家 庭 暴力

4 Given that Yuan’s hybrids have made him quite wealthy, one might think he would

retire to a life of leisure. However, this is far from the case. 考虑 到 杂交 水 稻 使 袁隆平 变 得
相当 富有 ， 人 们 可 能 认为 他 会 退休 享受 闲适 的 生活 。 然 而 ， 事 实 远 非 如 此 。

given that 在 句 中 作 连 词 ， 意 思 是 “考虑 到 ” 。 如 ，

Given that the students need more exercise, the head teacher has decided to add more PE classes.
考虑 到 学 生 们 需要 更 多 的 锻炼 ， 校 长 已 决定 增加 更 多 体育 课 。

given 可 用 作 介词 ， 表 示 “ 只 要 是 ; 考虑 到 ; 假定 ; 已 知 ”等 意思 。 如 :

Given his age, he is very strong and healthy 考虑 到 他 的 年 龄 ， 他 可 以 说 是 非常 健康 强壮 了 。

far from the case 表 示 “ 远 非 如 此 ”， 也 可 以 说 far from being the case。 其 中 ，case 表 示 “ 情 况 ;
情形 ”。

far from sth 表示“ 远 远 不 ; 绝 非 ”。 如 ;

His work is far from (being) satisfactory. 他 的 工作 一 点 也 不 令 人 满意 。

[ 思考 】 give 和 case 在 词典 里 有 很 多 义 项 ， 你 能 查阅 词典 和 相关 资料 ， 了 解 它 们 的 其 他 词义 和 常用
搭配 吗 ?

Deep down, Yuan is still very much a farmer at heart. 实际 上 ， 袁 隆平 在 内 心 深 处 仍然 是 一
位 农民 。

deep down 表 示 “ 实 际 上 ; 在 心底 ”的 意思 。 如 ，
He tried to behave as an adult, but deep down he was still a child. 他 试图 表现 得 像 一 个 大 人 ， 但 是
内 心 深 处 他 还 是 一 个 孩子 。

very much 副词 短语 ， 表 示 “ 非 常 ; 确实 是 ” 。 在 文中 表示 程度 ， 起 强调 作用 ， 可 以 不 用 翻译 出 来 。 如 ，
Kindness is very much a part of her character, 善良 是 她 性 格 中 一 个 重要 部 分 。

Learning English is very much a step-by-step process, 学 习 英 语 在 很 大 程度 上 是 一 个 循序 渐进 的 过 程 。
A: Are you serious? 你 是 认真 的 吗 ?

B: Very much so. 再 认真 不 过 了 。

Organic farming is nowhere near able to meet that need. 有 机 耕作 完全 不 能 满足 那样 的 需求 。

nowhere near 在 句 中 是 “完全 没有 ; 远 不 及 ”的 意思 。 如 :

He is nowhere near full recovery. 他 远 没有 完全 康复 。

This project has been going on for years, and is still nowhere near being finished. 这 个 项 目 已 经 开始
了 数 年 ， 但 何 时 结束 依然 遥遥 无 期 。

nowhere 作 名 词 是 “无 处 ; 任何 地 方 ; 无 名 之 地 ”的 意思 ， 例 如 表达 身 处 偏僻 荒凉 的 地 方 ， 可 以 说
in the middle of nowhere. 40:

She came out of nowhere. 她 突然 出 现 。

nowhere 作 副词 是 “无 处 ; 任何 地 方 都 不 ”的 意思 。 如 :

He is going nowhere. 他 哪儿 也 不 去 。

a 一 - 一 一 OT 一 — Grammar

Grammar 语法

| Non-Restrictive Relative Clauses 非 限 制 性 定语 从 句

1 定语 从 名 可 以 分 为 限制 性 定语 从 句 和 非 限制 性 定语 从 句 。 非 限制 性 定语 从 句 由 关系 代词 和 关系 副词 引导 ，
但 不 能 用 that 引导 。 如 :

Tu Youyou was awarded the Nobel Prize, which is considered one of the highest international
honours a person can receive. 履 吻 哟 获得 了 诺 贝尔 奖 ， 这 个 奖项 被 认为 是 个 人 能 获得 的 最 高 国际 荣誉
Pea

Later, the medicine was tested on malaria patients, most of whom recovered. Ja2k, ix#P4 AEE
疾病 人 身上 ， 大 部 分 病人 都 痊愈 了 。

I’m above the Arctic Circle, where in summer the sun never sets. 我 在 北极 圈 以 内 ， 那 里 的 夏季 永
远 没 有 日 落 。

2 限制 性 定语 从 句 与 其 所 修饰 的 先行 词 关系 紧 密 ; 非 限制 性 定语 从 句 和 主 句 的 关系 并 不 十 分 密切 。 限 制 性
定语 从 句 在 意义 上 是 先行 词 不 可 缺少 的 定语 ， 如 果 省 略 ， 主 句 意义 往往 不 完整 ， 这 种 定语 从 句 前 面 一 般
不 用 逗号 。 非 限制 性 定语 从 句 往往 是 对 先行 词 或 整个 主 句 的 附加 说 明 ， 它 与 主 句 之 间 通 常用 逗号 隔 开 。
试 比较 ;

Davis wanted to visit the farm where the seawater rice was grown. 戴 维 斯 想 参观 种 植 海水 舟 的 农
场 。 ( 所 含 的 限制 性 定语 从 名 不 能 省 略 ， 否 则 句子 的 意义 就 不 完整 )

Davis wanted to visit Dr Yuan's new farm, where the seawater rice was grown. 戴 维 斯 想 参观 袁 博
士 的 新 农场 ， 那 里 种 了 海水 称 。 ( 所 含 的 非 限制 性 定语 从 句 是 对 农场 的 附加 说 明 ， 可 以 省 略 )

3 非 限制 性 定语 从 句 也 可 以 位 于 句 中 ， 这 时 前 后 都 需要 用 逗号 隔 开 。 如 :

Tu Youyou went to Hainan, where malaria was more common, to study malaria patients. 屠 哟 哟 去

SEVRERDANIR, BEZERBS ATEN.

Einstein, who was Jewish, found the doors of academic institutions closed to him. 作为 一 名 犹太 人 ，

斯 坦 发 现 学 术 机 构 的 大 门 已 对 他 关闭 。

Disneyland, which consists of several theme areas, is a popular tourist destination, 迪士尼 乐园 包
含 好 几 个 主题 园区 ， 是 颇 受 欢迎 的 旅游 目的 地 。

4 除了 用 于 对 具体 事物 补充 信息 ， 非 限制 性 定语 从 句 还 可 以 是 针对 整个 句子 内 容 的 说 明 。 如 :

Ms Liu decided that we could have a class trip to the park this Sunday which was exciting. 刘 老 师
决定 我 们 班 本 周 日 可 以 去 公园 郊游 ， 这 真 让 人 激动 。

Laura couldn’t come to our party, which was a pity， 劳 拉 不 能 来 参加 我 们 的 聚会 ， 这 真 遗 憾 。

7

DH

爱

Il Tenses 时 态 (3)

将 来 进行 时 ( The Future Progressive Tense )
1 将 来 进行 时 的 形式

陈述 式 一 般 疑 问 式
\We will/shall (not) be doing ... Will/Shall I/we (not) be doing ...?
You/They will (not) be doing ... Will you/they (not) be doing ...?
He/She/It will (not) be doing ... Will he/she/it (not) be doing ...?

103
Appendices

104

2 将 来 进行 时 的 基本 用 法

将 来 进行 时 通常 用 于 表示 最 近 或 较 远 的 将 来 正在 进行 的 动作 。 如 :

The train will be leaving in a minute， 火 车 很 快 就 要 开 了 。

n the future, we will be using advanced technology every day for automatic control of just about
everything in our home. 在 未 来 ， 我 们 将 每 天 使 用 先进 技术 对 家 中 几乎 一 切 东西 进行 自动 化 控制 。
naddition, your smart home will be monitoring your health for you. 此 外 ， 你 的 智能 房屋 还 将 监控 你 的
健康 。
(2) 将 来 进行 时 像 现 在 进行 时 一 样 ， 可 以 表示 已 计划 好 的 事 。 如 :

We will be taking a test at this time tomorrow. 明天 这 时 我 们 将 在 考试 。

Don't call me between 12:30 and 13:00. | will be taking a nap. 中 午 12 点 半 到 { 点 之 间 不 要 给 我 打
电话 ， 我 那 时 在 午休 。

Sorry, | can’t meet you at five o’clock tomorrow afternoon, because | will be playing soccer then. #23,
肯 天 下 午 五 点 我 不 能 和 你 见面 ， 因 为 那 时 我 在 踢 球 。

qt

说 明 :
1 将 来 进行 时 有 时 也 用 来 委婉 地 提出 请 求 或 者 表达 其 他 含义 。 试 体会 :

A: Will you be passing the post office? 你 将 会 经 过 邮局 吗 ?
B: Probably. Why? 可 能 吧 。 怎 么 了 ?

A: | need some stamps. 我 需要 些 邮 票 。

B: OK. I'll get some for you. 好 吧 ， 我 给 你 买

a

Ro

2 将 来 进行 时 有 时 只 单纯 表示 将 来 或 按 计划 进行 的 事 ， 而 一 般 将 来 时 则 具有 其 他 的 意味 。 试 比较 ;

"ll be working on this tomorrow. 明天 我 将 做 这 件 事 。 ( 表示 将 来 ， 意 思 是 按 计划 进行 )
I'll work on this tomorrow. 明天 我 要 做 这 件 事 。 ( 表示 意愿 ， 也 可 能 表示 许诺 )

Will you be joining us for dinner? 你 会 和 我 们 一 起 吃饭 吗 ? ( 表示 将 来 ， 询 问 计 划 )
Will you join us for dinner? 你 来 和 我 们 一 起 吃饭 好 吗 ? ( 发 出 邀请 )

Ill The -ing Form 动词 -pg 形式 (3) (4)

动词 -ng 形式 由 “动词 原形 + -mg” 构 成 。 在 必修 阶段 ， 已 经 学 习 了 动词 -pg 形式 在 句 中 用 作 定语 、

状语 和 ( 宾语 ) 补 ( 足 ) 语 ， 现 在 继续 学 习 该 结构 用 作 主 语 、 宾 语 和 表 语 。

成 分 例句

Getting here is quite difficult, so apart from the Sami very few people have ever seen Sarek.
Being in such a beautiful and wild place makes me feel blessed to be alive.

主语 ”Riding on the only steam engine still working in the southeastern United States is a
special treat.
Watching the dolphin and sea lion shows is both educational and fun.

However, you should avoid making this gesture in Brazil and Germany, as it is not considered polite.

Elsewhere, people favour shaking hands, bowing from the waist, or nodding the head when they
Riz meet someone else.

Experts suggest smiling at yourself in the mirror to make yourself feel happier and stronger.

If we are feeling down or lonely, there is nothing better than seeing the smiling face of a good friend.

Perhaps the best example is smiling.

Some students’ favourite activity is daydreaming.

The main thing is reminding distracted students that they need to pay attention in class.
Ultimately, my duty is helping every student to learn.

Ria
——— = — : — Grammar “一 一

IV Subject Clauses 主语 从 句

在 英语 中 ， 有 的 从 句 在 复合 句 中 的 作用 相当 于 名 词 ， 称 作 名 词性 从 句 。 复 合 句 中 用 作 主 语 的 从 句 叫
作 主 语 从 句 。 引 导 主 语 从 句 的 词 有 连词 that、whether ( 不 能 用 if ) ; 连接 代词 who、what、which; 连接
副词 when、where、how、why 等 。 主 语 从 句 要 用 陈述 句 语序 。 如 :

That the earth is round is a fact， 地 球 是 圆 的 ， 这 是 个 事实 。

Whether she will win the prize is still unknown. 还 不 知道 她 是 否 能 够 获奖 。

Whoever is the last to leave should turn off the lights. 不 管 谁 最 后 离开 都 应 该 关 灯 。

How this could be done was a good question. 这 如 何 实现 是 个 值得 研究 的 问题 。

Why she didn’t show up remains a puzzle. 她 昨 晚 为 什么 没 来 依然 是 个 谜 。

What some scientists have found is that their long-term use can sometimes harm both the land and
people’s health. 有 科学 家 发 现 长 期 使 用 ( 化 肥 和 杀 虫 剂 ) 有 时 会 对 土地 和 人 体 健康 都 造成 损害 。

说 明 :
为 了 避免 主语 显得 过 长 ， 尤 其 是 陈述 句 作 主 语 从 名 时， 可 以 用 it 作 句 子 的 形式 主语 ， 把 主语 从 句 移 到
句子 的 末尾 。 如 :
Itis a fact that the earth is round. 地 球 是 圆 的， 这 是 个 事实 。
It is unknown whether she will win the prize. 还 不 知道 她 是 否 会 获奖 。
It is believed by some scientists that the long-term use can sometimes harm both the land and people’s

health. 有 科学 家 认为 长 期 使 用 ( 化 肥 和 杀 虫 剂 ) 有 时 会 对 土地 和 人 体 健康 都 造成 损害 。

105
Appendices

106

Words and Expressions in Each Unit
各 单元 生词 和 习惯 用 语

注 : 黑体 部 分 为 课 标 词 和 短语 ; 自体 部 分 为 非 课 标 词 ;

Unit 1

physiology /,fizi'plod3i/ n. #3854; 生理 机 能
artemisinin /,a:ti'mi:snin/ n. [4] #82
crucial /‘kru:fl/ adj. 至 关 重要 的 ; 关键 性 的
malaria /ma'learia/ n. 兰 疾
vital /‘vartl/ adj. 必 不 可 少 的 ; 极其 重要 的 ; 充满 生机 的
committed /ke'mitid/ adj. 尽心 尽力 的 ; 坚定 的 ;
坚信 的
commit /kemat/
vt. 承诺 ; 保证 ( 某 个 人 、 机 构 等 )
vi. BF; 全心全意 投入 ( 工作 、 活 动 等 )
commit oneself to do
承诺 ; 保证 ( 做 某 事 、 遵 守 协 议 或 安排 等 )
academy /o'kedomi/n.( 艺术 、 文 学 、 科 学 等 的 )
研究 院 ; 学 会 ; 专科 院 校
academic /,eko'demik/ adj. 学 业 的 ; 学 术 的
objective /ab'dzektrv/n. At; 目的
adj. 客观 的
botanical /bo'taenrkl/ adj， 植 物 学 的
evaluate /i'veljuert/ vt. 评价 ; 评估
property /prppati/ n. 性 质 ; 特征 ; 财产
distinct /drstmkt/ adj. 清晰 的 ; 清楚 的 ; 有 区 别 的
extract /‘ekstrekt/ n. 提取 物 ; 摘录

/tk'straekt/ vt. 提取 ; 提炼 ; 摘录 ; ( 用 力 ) RH
wormwood /'wa:mwud/ n. &; 洋 艾
boil /boul/ vt. & vi.( 使 ) 沸腾 ; BA; 烧 开

n. 沸腾 ; 沸点
liquid /‘lkwid/_n. eR
adj. 液体 的 ; 液态 的
obtain /ab'tem/ vt.( 尤 指 经 努力 ) 获得 ; 赢得
vi.( 规章 、 习 俗 等 ) 存在 ; 流行
acknowledge /skmplrd3/ vt. 承认 ( 属实 、 权 威 等 );
( 公开 ) 感谢
defeat /drfi't 7. RK; 挫败
vt. 击败 ; 战胜

专 有 名 词 在 每 单元 词 表 后 面 单 独 列 出 。

analyse [N4mE -ze] /analarz/ vt. 分 析
apparently /o'perontli/ adv. 显而易见 ; BR;
substance /'sabstans/n. 物质 ; 物品 ; 事实 根据
insist /in'sist/ vi. & ve. 坚持 ; 坚决 要 求

insist on 坚决 要 求
scientific /saren'trftk/ adj. 科学 (上 ) 的 ;

关于 科学 的
mostly /maustli/ adv. 主要 地 ; 一 般 地
wear and tear ( 正常 使 用 造成 的 ) 磨损 ;损耗
conclusion /ksenklu'5n/ 7. 结论 ; 推论
penicillin /peni'stlm/n. 88%; 盘 尼 西 林
flee /fliy vi. & vt.( fled, fled ) 迅速 离开 ; 逃跑
circumstance /'ss:komstons/ n.[ usually pl. ] 条 件 ;

环境 ; 状况
novelist /nnovalrst 7 小 说 家

novel /npvl/ n.( 长 篇 ) 小 说
flow /flau/ n. ii; 流动 ; 流畅 ;供应

vi. Fis FRB
chart /tfa:t/ n. 图 表
vt. 记录 ; 制订 计划

flow chart 流程 图
found /faund/ vt. 创建 ; 建立 ; 把 …… 建 立 在
infer /in'fs:(r)/ ve. 推断 ; 推定
politician /,polo'tifn/ 1. 从 政 者 ;政治 家 ; 政客
numerous /'nju:moras/ adj. RBH; 许多 的
theory /6reri/ n. 理论 ; 学 说
relativity /relo'tivati/ n. ANIC; 相对 性
formula /'fo:mjalo/ n. Ast; 方程式 ;配方
genius /‘dgimnias/ n.( pl. geniuses) KA; RR; 天 赋
gentle /‘dgentl/ adj. 温柔 的 ; 文静 的
patent /pertnt; 'petnt/

n. 专利 ; 专利 证 书 ;获得 专利

adj. 有 专利 的 ; 受 专利 保护 的
passion /'pefn/n. 酷爱; 激情
doctorate /‘doktorat/ n. 博士 学 位

extraordinary /tk'stro:dnri; NAmE 1k'stro:doneri/
adj. 不 一 般 的 ; 非凡 的 ; 意 想不到 的
gradually /‘greed3uoli/ adv. 逐渐 地 ， 逐步 地
photoelectric /,fautour'lektrik/ adj. 光电 的
come to power ( 开始 ) 掌权 ; 上 人 台
institution /mstr'tjufn/n. 社会 公共 机 构 ; 制度 ， 习 俗
institute /‘nstitju:t/ n.( 教育 、 专 业 等 ) 机 构 ;
机 构建 筑
consequence /‘'konsikwons/n. 结果 ; 后 果
take up a position 担任 ; 任职
moustache (especially US mustache]
/mo'sta:s; NAmE 'mastef/ n. LEAH; £
peculiarity /pi,kjuili'erati/ n. “ME; 特点 ;
怪异 的 性 质
encounter /in'kaunto(r)/ vt. (BAW; 遇 到
n. Wie; ibe
professor /pro'fesa(r)/ n. 教授
mourn /momy/ vt. &. vi. RI; 忧伤
remarkable /ri'ma:kobl/ adj. 非凡 的 ; 显著 的
device /di'vais/ n. 方法 ; 技巧 ; 装置; 仪器
sum /sam/ vi. 总 结 ; 概括
n. 金额 ; RR; BB
sum up 总 结 ; 概括
draft /dra:ft n. 草稿 ;草案
好 ,起草 ; 草拟

; 总 和

Nobel Prize /nau,bel 'prarz/ 诺 贝 尔 奖
Alexander Fleming /,elig'zaindo 'flemm/
亚历山大 . 3388
Albert Einstein /albast 'amstam/
阿尔 伯 特 ， 爱 因 斯 坦
Hitler /‘hitlo/ 希特勒
Elon Musk /1'lon mask/ $8 + 马 斯 克
Florence Nightingale /‘florans 'nartingerl/
弗 洛 伦 斯 ， 南 丁 格 尔
SARS /sa:z/ abbr. 严重 急性 呼吸 综合 征
Switzerland /swrtsslsnd/ 瑞士 ( 国家 名 )
Swiss /swis/ adj. HAY n.( pl. Swiss ) 瑞士 人
Isaac Newton /arzsk 'nju:tn/ 艾 萨 克 ' 牛顿
Jewish /‘dgunf/ adj. 犹太 人 的 ; 犹太 教 的
Princeton /'prinston/ 普林斯顿 ( 美国 城市 )

§ Unit 2

phrase /frerz/ n. #213; 词组
persuade /po'sweid/ ve. 劝说 ; 说 服

- Words and Expressions in Each Unit

switch /swrtf/ vt. 转换 ;交换
vi. & vt.( 48) 改变 ; 转变
n. 开关 ; 转换 器 ; 改变
switch off/on 关 / 开 (电灯 、 机 器 等 )
distant /drstent/ adj. 遥远 的 ; 远 处 的 ; BA;
心 不 在 赵 的
secure /SITkjus(r)/
adj. 安全 的 ; 安心 的 ; 可 靠 的 ; 牢固 的
vt. 获得 ; HH; 保护
knob /npb/ n. 旋钮 ; 球形 把 手
appliance /o'plaions/ n. 电器 ; 器 具
remote /ri'mout/ adj. 远程 的 ;偏远 的
remote control 遥控 器 ; 遥控
air conditioner /ken'difana(r)/ 空调 机 ;
空调 设备
automatic /ortemaetik/ adj. 自动 的
integrated /‘intigreitid/ adj. 各 部 分 密切 协调 的 ;
综合 的
integrate /mtigrert/ vi. & vt.( 48) 合并 ;
成 为 一 体
sensor /'sensa(r)/ n. 传感器 ; 敏感 元 件
efficient /ffnt/ adj. 效率 高 的 ;有 功效 的
mode /moud/ n. 模式; 方式 ; 风格
routine /ru:'tiin/ 7. 常规 ; 正常 顺序
adj. 常规 的 ; 日 常 的
daily routine 日 常生 活
preference /'prefrans/n. 爱好 ; 偏爱
instant /rmnstent/ 2. 瞬间 ; 片刻
adj. 立即 的 ; 速 食 的 ; 速溶 的
command /kemamd/ 7. 指令 ; 命令 ; 控制
vt. 命令 ; 控制
obey /o'ber/ vi. & vt. ARM; 遵守
warning /‘wo:ntn/n. 警告 ; 警示 ; 先兆
constant /‘konstont/ adj. 不 断 的 ; 重复 的 ; 不 变 的
几 . 常数 ; 常量
early on 在 初期 早先
abnormal /eb'no:ml/ adj. 不 正常 的 ; 反常 的
critical /‘kritikl/ adj. "BM; 关键 的 ; 批判 性 的
cancer /kanss(r)/ 7. 癌 ; iE; SH
potentially /po'tenfoli/ adv. 潜在 地 ;， 可 能 地
potential /ps'tenfl/ adj. 可 能 的 ; 潜在 的
n. 潜力 ;可 能 性
leak /litk/ vi. & vt. is; 渗 漏 ;透露
n. 漏洞 ; 裂缝; 透露
electrical /lektrtkl adj. #85; 用 电 的
wiring /warerm/ n. 电线 线路 ; 线路 系统

107
108

Appendices 一 一

wire /ware(r)/ n. 电线 ; 金属 丝 ( 或 线 )
vt. 接 通 电源 ; 将 ……' 连 接 到
detect /drtekt/ vr. 发 现 ; 查 明
relevant /relavent/ adj. 有 关 的 ; 有 意义 的
catch fire 着 火
fantasy /'fentosi/n. 08; 想象
innovation /,mo'verfn/ n. 创新 ;创造
available /s'verlobl/ adj. 可 获得 的 ; 可 购 得 的 ;
(A) 有 空 的
in this sense [in ... sense)
从 这 种 ( 某 种 ) 意义 上 来 讲
nevertheless /neveielles/ adv. 尽管 如 此 ; 不 过 ; 然而
structure /strAktfa(r)/ n. 结构 ; 体系
vt. 系统 安排 ; 精心 组 织
security /si'kjuorati/ n. 保护 措施 ; 安全 工作
crime /kraim/ n. 犯罪 活动 ;不 法 行为
combine /kom'bain/ vi. & vi. ({#) 结合 ; 混合
nanobot /naneubpt/ n. 纳米 机 器 人
artificial /,a:tr'fifl/ adj. 人 工 的 ， 人 造 的 ; 假 的
artificial intelligence (Al) 人 工 智能
clone /kloun/ vt. 克隆 ;以 无 性 繁殖 技术 复制
n. 克隆 动物 ( 或 植物 )
predict /prrdrkt/ vt. 预测 ;预言 ;预料
prediction /prrdrikfn/ n. 预测 ;预言
forecast /fo:ka'st vt. & n. FAM; 预报
occupation /pkju'perfn/n. 职业 ; 占领
oppose /apsuz/ vt. 反对 ; 抵制 ; 阻挠
hence /hens/ adv. 因此 ; 由 此
cease /si:s/ vi. & vt. (使 ) 停止; 终止
deceased /di'si:st/ adj. 已 死 的 ; 亡故 的
absence /absens/ 7. 不 存在 ; 缺乏 ; 缺席
rural /‘rusrel/ adj. 乡村 的 ; 农村 的
advocate /advskert/ vt. 提倡 ; 支持 ; 拥护
nA; 支持 者 ; 拥护 者
emphasis /emfasrs/ n. 强调 ;重视 ， 重 要 性
luxury /‘lakfori/ n. 奢华
keep in touch [with ...) ( 与 …… ) 保持 联系 ;
TAR ( 某 课题 或 领域 的 情况 )
career /kerre(T)/ n. 职业; 事业
prospect /prpspekt /n. "AEM; 前 景
resist /ri'zist/ vi. & vt. 抵制 ; 反抗 ; 抵挡
resistance /ri'zistons/n. 抵制 ; 反对 ;抗拒
paragraph /'perogra:f/ n. 段 ; 段落
signpost /‘sampoust/ n. 路 标
esSay /eseI/ 7. 文章
accurate /‘ekjorat/ adj. 精确 的 ; 准确 的

librarian /larbrearisn/ n. 图 书 管理 员 ; 图 书馆 馆 长

Melbourne /melbsn/ 墨尔本 ( 澳大利亚 城市 )
Christian /krrstfan/ n. 基督 教徒

adj. 基督 教 的
the Amish /amif/n. 阿曼 门 诺 派

f Unit 3

buffet /‘bafit/ vt. 连续 猛 击 ; 打 来 打 去
/bufer 'bafer/ n. 自助 餐
cloth /klp6/ n. (一 块 ) 布 ; 织物 ; 布料
edge /ed3/n. id; 边缘 ; 边线 ;刀刃
vt. & vi. (使 ) 徐徐 移动 ; 给 …… 加 边
valley /'veli/n.&; WA; BA
vast /va:st/ adj. 辽阔 的 ; 巨大 的 ; 庞大 的
glacier /‘glesia(r); 'glersia(r); NAmE 'glerfar/
n. UI II
reindeer /‘rerndra(r)/ 1. BBE
territory /teratri; 'teratowi/n. 领土 ; 版 图 ; 领域 ; 地 盘
ban /baen/ vt. 明令 禁止 ; 取缔
n. 禁令
boundary /baundri/ n. 边界 ;界限 ; 分 界线
cottage /‘kotid3/ n. 小屋 ; ( 尤 指 ) AB; 小 别墅
visible /vrzasbl adj. 看 得 见 的 ; 可 见 的
on the move 在 行进 中 ; 在 移动 中
accompany /skAmpsni/ vr. 陪同 ; 陪伴 ; 伴随 ;
( 尤 指 用 钢琴 ) 为 …… 伴 奏
adopt /adppt vt. K
vt. & vi. AFE
sour /saus(T)/ adj. BA; 有 酸味 的
set out ux; BE: ( 怀 着 目标 ) 开始 工作
bless /bles/ vt. 祝福
live off 依靠 …… 生 活 ; 以 吃 …… 为 生
prohibition /prour'bifn/ n. 禁止 ; 阻止 ; 禁令
prohibit /pra'hibit/ ve.( 尤 指 以 法 令 ) 禁止 ;阻止
journalist /‘d3s:nolist/n. 新 闻 记 者 ;新闻 工 作者
sneeze /sni:z/ vi. FINE
n. (RE; RS
teapot /‘ti:pot/ n. 茶壶
label /‘lerbl/ vt. 用 标签 标明 ; 贴标签
n. ARE; 标记
cream /kri:m/ n. 奶油 ; 乳脂 ; 护肤 霜
adj. 奶油 色 的 ; RAEN
leopard /‘lepad/ n. #
stretch /stret{/ vi. 延伸 ;延续
vi. & vt. 伸展 ; 舒展

rewarding /ri'wo:din/ adj. 值得 做 的 ， 有 益 的
bush /buf/ 1. 灌木
lung /lan/ 1. ft
cycle /saikl/n. 自行 车 ; 摩托 车 ; 循环
vi. 骑 自 行车
corridor /‘korido:(r)/
n. 狭长 地 带 ; 走廊 ; 过 道 ; 通道
pedal /pedl/ n.( 自行 车 等 的 ) BET; 踏板
vt. 信 vi. BATE; 踩踏 板
fountain /‘faunton/ n. 喷泉 ; 人 工 喷泉 ; 喷水池
route /ru:t/ n. 842; 路 途 ; 途径
ahead /shed/ adv. 向 前 ; 在 前 面 ; 提前
theme /0i:m/ adj. 有 特定 主题 的
n. 主题 ; 主题 思想
theme park 主题 公园 ; 主题 乐 区
roller coaster /‘roulo,kousta(r)/ n. 过 山 车
incredible /in'kredobl/ adj. 极 好 的 ; 极 大 的 ;
难以 置信 的
appeal /o'pi:l/ vi. 有 吸引 力 ; WEF; BR; Lik
n. 吸引 力 ; 呼吁 ; 上 诉 ; 请 求
appeal to 有 了 吸引 力 ; 有 感染 力 ; 呼吁 ; 上 诉 ; 打动
pirate /'parrot/n. 828; 盗版 者
vt. BE; B
adorable /s'do:rabl/ adj. TEN; 讨 人 喜爱 的
wander /'wondo(r)/ 1. 游荡; 闲逛 ;流浪
vt. & vi. FAYE; 漫游
1. 走失; 离散 ;走神
amusement /o'mju:zmont/ n. 娱乐 ( 活动 ); 愉悦
amuse /emju:z/ vt.( 提供 ) 消遣; ( 使 ) RA
enormous /noxmes/ adj. 巨大 的 ; 极 大 的
swing /swm/ vt. & vi.( swung, swung ) ( 使 ) 摆动 ;
摇摆 ;转弯 ; ( 使 ) RRR
iron /aren/ 7. 铁 ; 铁器 ; 铸铁 ; BLAb
vt. & vi.( FASS} ) BE; 汤 平
fashion /'feefn/n. 时 尚 ; 时兴 ; 流行 款式
rare /rea(r)/ adj. DH; 珍贵 的 ; (A) 半熟 的
steam /sti:m/n. 蒸汽 ; KAA; RAMA
vi. RK; BRRA; BIKA
superb /su:'ps:b; sju:'ps:b/ adj. 极 佳 的 ; 卓越 的
aquarium /akwesrism/

n.( pl. aquariums or aquaria /-rio/ )
水 族 馆 ; 水 族 玻璃 槽 ; 养 鱼缸
up to 达到 ( 某 数 量 、 程 度 等 ); BB; FST;
( 体力 或 智力 上 ) 能 胜任
polar /psula(r)/ adj. ( 3 ) 极地 的 ;南极 ( 或 北极 ) 的 ;
磁极 的

Words and Expressions in Each Unit ——

upside down if]; 倒转 ; 翻转

splendid /'splendid/ adj. 壮丽 的 ;雄伟 的 ; 极 佳 的 ;
非常 好 的

display /di'splei/n. 展览 ;陈列 ;展览 品

vt. 显示 ;陈列

appetite /‘eprtait/n. 食欲 ; BO; 强烈 欲望

entertainment /,ento'ternmont/n. 娱乐 ; 招待 ;
娱乐 活动 ; 文娱 节目

column /‘kolem/ n.( 书 、 报 纸 印刷 页 上 的 ) 栏 ;
专栏 ; 柱 ( 形 物 )

Samii /‘sa:mi/ 萨 米 人

( 居住 在 斯 堪 的 纳 维 亚 北部 的 拉 普 人 )
Sarek National Park 萨 勒 克 国 家 公园
Sweden /'swi:dn/ 瑞典 ( 国家 名
the Arctic /aktrk Circle 北极 圈
Rapa /rapay River 拉 帕 河
Siberian /sar'brarton/ adj. 西伯 利 亚 (人 ) 的

n. 西伯 利 亚 人

Dollywood /dpliiwud/ 多 莉 山 主题 公园

§ Unit 4

interaction /ntor'ekfn/ n. 交流 ;相互 影响
vary /'veori/ vi. ( 根据 情况 ) 变化 ; 改变
appropriate / apreupriet/ adj. 合适 的 ; 恰当 的
by contrast 相 比 之 下
approve /o'pru:v/ vi. Rak; 同意

vt. 批准 ; 通过
demonstrate /demasnstrertt/

vt. 表现 ; 表达 ; 说 明 ; 证 明

gesture /‘dzestfo(r)/n. 手势 ; 姿势 ;姿态
witness /‘witnas/ vt. 当场 看 到 ; 目击 ; 见证

n. 目击 者 ; 证 人
employ /rm'plor w. 使 用 ; 应 用 ;雇用
identical /ar'dentikl/ adj. 相同 的
interpret /in'ts:prit/ ve. 把 …… 理 解 ( 解释 ) A

vi. & vt. OE

differ /‘difo(r)/ vi. AR; 不同 于
by comparison ( 与 …… ) 相 比 较
cheek /tfiky n. Bi; 脸颊
favour /'ferva(r)/ vt. 较 喜 欢 ; 选择 ;有 利于

n. 帮助 ; BS; BA
bow /bau/ vi. #845; 点 头

vt. 1k (4)
/bou/ n. 3; 蝴蝶 结

waist /weist/n. 腰 ; 腰部

109
一 一 Appendices Sr

make inferences 推理 ;推断
break down 消除 ; 分 解 ; 打破
barrier /baris(r)/ n. (3; 障碍
fake /ferk/ adj. 假装 的 ; KH; BRN
anger /‘enga(r)/ n. 愤怒 ;怒气
vt. 使 生气 ; BR
reliable /rrlarebl/ adj. 可 靠 的， 可 信赖 的
incident /‘nsidont/n. 发 生 的 事情 ; 严重 事件 ;冲突
trial /trarsl m. 多 Bil; 审判 ; 试验 ; 试
slight /slart/ adj. 轻微 的 ; 略微 的 ; 细小 的
slightly /slartli/ adv. 略微 ; 稍微
twin /twrn/ adj. 双胞胎 之 一 的 ; 变 生 之 一 的
n. 挛 生 之 一 ; 双胞胎 之 一
nonverbal /,non'vaibl/ adj. 不 涉及 言语 的 ; 非 言语 的
assessment /ssesmaent/ n. 评价 ; 评定
assess /ases/ vt. 评估 ; 评价
internal /m'tsml/ adj. 内 部 的 ;里面 的
straighten up 直 起 来 ; 整理 ; 收拾 整齐
slump /slamp/ vi. BS BME ( 或 坐等 )
pose /pouz/ n. 故 作 姿态 ; ( 为 画像 、 拍 照 等 摆 的 ) 姿势
vi. 摆好 姿势
vt. 造成 ( 威胁 、 问 题 等 )
bend /bend/ vr. & vi.( bent, bent ) ( 使) 弯 由
倾斜 ; 偏向
reveal /ri'vi:l/ vt 揭示 ; 显示 ; 露出
clarify /klarsfar vt. 使 更 清晰 易 懂 ; 阐明 ; 澄清
in other words 换 句 话说 ; 也 就 是 说
educator /‘edzukerta(r)/ n. 教师 ; 教育 工作 者 ; 教育 家
tick /trky ve. 给 ( 试卷 、 问 题 等 ) FS
vi. ( 钟表 ) MHS
n. BS
tendency /tendensi/ n. 趋势 ; 倾向
lower /sus(r)/ vt. 把 …… 放 低 ; 降低 ; 减少
adj. FAS; BAB; 较 小 的
imply /rm'plar vt. 意味 着 ;暗示
barely /beali/ adv. LFA; #38R78E; 刚刚
chin /tfin/ 7. FE
occupy /pkjupar/ wt. 占据 ; 占用
stare /stea(r)/ vi. 盯 着 看 ; 凝视
7. 凝视
ceiling /‘si:lm/n. 天 花 板 ;上 限
distract /drstrakt/ ve. 分 散 (SERN); 使 分 心
perceive /po'si:v/ vt. Bit; 8; 理解
distinguish /di'stingwif/ vi. & vt. 区 分 ; 辨别
anxiety /en'zaroti/ n. 焦虑 ; 担心 ; 害怕
chest /tfest/ n. 胸部 ;胸膛

110

embarrassed /1m'berast/ adj. 难堪 的 ; METH
ashamed /2'fermd/ adj. B18; Ht®
merely /marsli/ adv. RE; RR; 只 不 过
call on ( 短暂 地 ) ial; BR ( 某 人 讲话 等 );
正式 邀请
bother /bp5as(r)/ vi. & vt. Bub; 麻烦 ， 因 …… 操 心
n. 麻烦 ; ME
weep /wip/ vi. & vt. Ri; 流泪
at work 有 某 种 影响 ;在 工作
conflict /‘konflikt/n. 矛盾 ;冲突
/kan'flikt/ vi. “PR; 抵触
inquire /in'kwato(r)/ [= enquire)
vi. & vt. 询问 ; 打听
ultimately /‘altrmotli/ adv. RA; 最 后
adjust /o'dgast/ wt. 调整 ; 调节
vi. & vt. GM; (使 ) 习惯
intervene /,inte'viin/ vi. 干预 ;介入
react /ri'ekt/ vi.( 对 …… ) 起 反应 ; 回应 ;
( 对 食物 等 ) 有 不 良 反应
component /kem'pounont/ n. 组 成 部 分 ; 零件
tone /toun/n. 语气 ; 腔调 ; 口吻

Brazil /bra'z1l/ 巴西 ( 国家 名 )
Bulgaria /bal'georio/ 保加利亚 ( 国家 名 )
Albania /zlbemiey/ 阿尔 巴 尼 亚 ( 国家 名 )

§ Unit 5

hybrid /harbrrd/ n. 杂交 植 ( 动 ) 物 ; 合成 物 ;
混合 动力 车
devote /di'vout/ vt. 把 …… 献 ( 给 ); 把 …… 专 用 于 ;
专心 于
devote ...to 把 …… 用 于 ; MS; RA; 专心
shortage /‘fo:tid3/n. RE; 缺少 ; 短缺
tackle /taekl/ vt. 解决 (FEM); WA ( 局 面 ); 处 理
crisis /‘kraists/n.( pl. crises /-si'z/ ) 危机 ;
boost /bu:st/ vt. 使 增长 ; 使 兴旺
有 .增长 ; 提高 ; 激励
yield /jisld/ n. 8; 产 出
vt. HH ( 作物 ); 产生 ( 收益 、 效 益 等 )
vi. BAR; 让 步
convince /kan'vins/ vt. 使 相信 ;使 确信 ;说 服
characteristic /kerakto'risttk/
n. 特征 ; 特点 ; 品质
adj. 典型 的 ; 独特 的

attain /o'tem/ wt. ( 通常 经 过 努力 ) 获得 ; 得 到
conventional /ken'venfonl/ adj. 传统 的 ; 习惯 的
pollinate /pplsanert/ vt. 授粉 ; 传粉
assumption /asAmpfn/ n. 假定; 设 定 ; ( 责任 的 )
承担 ; ( 权利 的 ) 获得
intense /Im'tens/ adj. 热切 的 ; 十 分 强烈 的 ; 激烈 的
overcome /,auva'kam/ vt.
( overcame, overcome ) 克服 ; 解决 ; 战胜
expand /kk'spand/ vt. & vi. PAs $00
vt. 扩展 ; RR ( 业务 )
output /‘avtput/ 1. 产量 ; 输出 ;输出 量
vt.( output, output ) 输出
estimate /‘estrmot/ w. fait; 估价 ; 估算
n. 估计 ;估算
domestic /da'mestik/ adj. 本 国 的 ; BAN; 家 用 的 ;
家 庭 的
consumption /ksn'sAmpfn/ n. 消耗 ;消耗 量 ;消费
comprise /kom'praiz/ vt. 包括 ; 包含 ; 由 …… 组 成
be comprised of 包括 ; 包含 ;
由 ……' 组 成 ( 或 构成 )
generate /‘dzenorert/ vt. 产生 ; 引起
strain /strein/n. ( 动 、 植 物 的 ) A; 品种 ; 拉 伤 ;
压力
leisure /‘lezo(r)/ n. RIB; 休闲; 空闲
deep down 在 内 心 深 处 ; ARE; RHE
soil /soil/n. 泥土 ; 土壤 ; Bt; 领土
celebrity /so'lebrati/n. 名 望 ; 名 誉 ; 名 人 ; 名 流
envision /in'vizn/ vt. BB; 想象
sorghum /'soigom/ n. 高 梁 ; 高 梁 米
broom /bru:m/ 7. 扫把 ; AB; SEE
grain /gremn/n. 谷物 ; 谷 粒 ; 颗粒
vision /'vizn/ n. BR; MA; 视野 ;影像
reality /ri'zloti/n. 现实 ; 实际 情况 ; 事实
salty /soxlti/ adj. 含 盐 的 ; 成 的
Urban /'s:bon/ adj. 城市 的 ; 都 市 的 ; 城镇 的
bomb /bpn/ n. 炸弹
vt. SEE; 对 …… 投 炸弹
tunnel /tAnl/ n. 地 下 通道 ;地道 隧道

extension /ik'stenfn/n. 扩建 部 分 ; 扩大 ; 电话 分 机
chemical /‘kemikl/ adj. 与 化 学 有 关 的 ; 化 学 的
n. 化 学 制品 ; CAR
wheat /witt/ 2. 小 麦 ; 小 麦 籽
flavour ( NAmE -vor )/flerva/

由 . 味道 ; 特点 ; 特色
fertiliser( NAmE -ijzer ) /fs:telarze(r)/ n. 肥料
nutritional /nju'trifenl/ adj. 营养 ( 物 ) 的

nutritious /nju'trrfas/ adj. 有 营养 的 ;营养 丰富 的

nutrition /nju'trifn/ 1. 营养 ;滋养
alleviate /o'li:viert/ vt. 减轻 ;缓解
poverty /'povoti/ n. RA; AK
organic /s:'geenik/ adj. 有 机 的 ; 不 使 用 化 肥 的 ;

有 机 物 的
pesticide /pestrsard/ n. ARH; 除 害 药物
widespread /wardspred/ adj. 分 布 广 的 ; 普遍 的 ;

广泛 的
bacterium /bek'trariom/ n.( pl. -ria /-ria/ ) 细菌
in turn 相应 地 ; 转 而 ; 依次 ; 轮流
digest /dardsest vr. & vi. 消化

vt. 领会 ; WE

/‘daid3est/ n. 摘要 ; 文摘
essential /rsenfl adj. 完全 必要 的 ; 极其 重要 的
mineral /mrmaeroel/ 7. 矿物 ; 矿物 质
alternative /o:l'ts:notiv/ 1， 可 供 选 择 的 事物

adj. THERA; 非 传统 的

grocery /'grausori/ n. 食品 杂货 店 ; [pl] 食品 杂货
instance /Instens/ n. 例子 ; 实例 ; 事例

for instance 例如 ; 比如
depth /dep6/ n. fT ( 或 向 里 ) 的 距离 ; 深 ( 度 )
root /ru:t/n. 根 ; 根茎 ; 根部 ;根源
entirely /in'tatoli/ adv. 全 部 地 ; 完整 地 ; 完全 地
aspect /‘espekt/n. 7H; 层面

oi

Vietnam /,vjet'nem/ 越南 ( 国家 名 )
LED abbr.( light-emitting diode ) 发 光 二 极 管
DDT n. 滴滴涕 ( 旧时 尤 用 作 农业 杀 虫 剂 )

Words and Expressions in Each Unit —

111
Appendices

112

Vocabulary
词汇 表

注 : 黑体 部 分 为 课 标 词 和 短语 ;

IA

abnormal /eb'no:ml/ adj. 不 正常 的 ; 反常 的
absence /‘ebsans/n. 不 存在 ; RE; 缺席
academic /,eka'demik/ adj. 学 业 的 ; 学 术 的
academy /a'kedomi/n. ( 艺术 、 文 学 、
科学 等 的 ) 研究 院 ; 专科 院 校

MA,
ai

白 体 部 分 为 非 课 标 词 ; 带

(2)
(2)
(D)

(D)

accompany /a'kamponi/ vt. 陪同 ; 陪伴 ; 伴随 ;

( 尤 指 用 钢琴 ) 为 …… 伴 奏
accurate /‘ekjorot/ adj. 精确 的 ; 准确 的
acknowledge /sknplrd3/

vt. 承认 ( 属实 、 权 威 等 ); ( 公开 ) 感谢
adjust /o'd3ast/ vr. 调整 ; 调节

vi. & vt. 适应; (使 ) 习惯
adopt /o'dopt/ vt. RA; 采取 ; 采纳
vt. & vi. 领养

adorable /o'do:rabl/ adj. 可 爱 的 ; 讨 人 喜爱 的
advocate /‘edvokert/ wr. 提倡 ; XH; 拥护

(3)
(2)

qd)

(4)

(3)
(3)

n. 提倡 者 ; 支持 者 ; 拥护 者 (2)

ahead /o'hed/ adv. 向 前 ; 在 前 面 ; 提前

air conditioner /kon'difana(r)/
空调 机 ; 空调 设备

Albania /aelbermia/ 阿尔 巴 尼 亚 ( 国家 名 )
Albert Einstein /‘zlbot 'amstarmy/
阿尔 伯 特 ， 爱 因 斯 坦

(D)

(2)
(4)

(1)

Alexander Fleming /,elig'zainda 'flemin/

亚历山大 ， 弗 莱 明
alleviate /o'li:viert/ vt. 减轻 ; 缓解
alternative /o:l'ts:notiv/ 1， 可 供 选 择 的 事物
adj. 可 供奉 代 的 ; 非 传统 的
amuse /amju:z/ vt.( 提供 ) 消遣 ; ( 使 ) 娱乐
amusement /a'mju:zmont/
中. 娱乐 ( 活动 ); 愉悦
analyse (NAmE -ze) /‘enolaiz/_ vt. 分 析
anger /‘znga(r)/ n. HR; BA
vt. 使 生气 ; 激怒

(3)

(3)
(1)

(4)

符号 的 词汇 为 专 有 名 词 。

anxiety /an'zareti/ n. 焦虑 ; 担心 ; 害怕 (4)
apparently /sparentli/ ad. 显而易见 ; AR; BR (1)
appeal /o'pi:l/ vi. 有 吸引 力 ; WH; BR; bik
由 . 吸引 力 ; 呼吁 ; 上 诉 ; 请 求 (3)
appeal to 有 吸引 力 ; 有 感染 力 ; 呼吁 ;

上 诉 ; 打动 (3)
appetite /‘epitait/ n. 食欲 ; BO; 强烈 欲望 (3)
appliance /s'platons/n. 电器 ; 器 具 (2)

appropriate / a'proupriat/ adj. 合适 的 ; 恰当 的 (4)
approve /o'pru:v/ vi. Hk; 同意

vr. 批准 ;通过 (4)
aquarium /akweariomy/

n.( pl. aquariums or aquaria /-ris/ )

水 族 馆 ; 7K; 养 鱼缸 (3)
artemisinin /atrmi'snin/ n. [4] #8 (D
artificial /a:tr'fifl/ adj. ALAS; 人 造 的 ; 假 的 (2)

artificial intelligence (Al) 人 工 智能 (2)

ashamed /2'fermd/ adj. B18; Ht (4)
aspect /‘espekt/n. 77H; 层面 (5)
assess /o'ses/ vt. 评估 ; 评价 (4)

assessment /a'sesmont/n. 评价 ; 评定 (4)
assumption /asAmpfn/ n. RE; 设 定 ; ( 责任 的 )

承担 ; ( 权利 的 ) 获得 (5)
at work 有 某 种 影响 ;在 工作 (4)
attain /o'tem/ vt. ( 通常 经 过 努力 ) RE; 得 到 (5)
automatic /ortematk/ adj. 自动 的 (2)
available /o'verlobl/ adj. 可 获得 的 ; 可 购 得 的 ;

(A) 有 空 的 (2)

HB

bacterium /bek'troriom/ n.( pl. -ria /-ria/ ) 细菌 (3)
ban /ben/ vr. 明令 禁止 ; 取缔

n. 禁令 (3)
barely /beasli/ adv. LEA; 勉强 才能 ; 刚刚 (4)
barrier /baris(r)/ n. A; 障碍 (4)
bend /bend/ vr. & vi.( bent, bent ) ( 使 ) 弯曲 ; Christian /krrstfan/ n. 基督 教徒

倾斜 ; 偏向 (4) adj. 基督 教 的 (2)
bless /bles/ vt. 祝福 (3) circumstance /'ss:komstons/
boil /borl/ ve. & vi. ( 4) 沸腾 ; BF; 烧 开 n. [usually pl.] 条 件 ; 环境 ;状况 (D)
n. 沸腾 ; 沸点 (clarify /‘klerofar/ vt. 使 更 清晰 易 懂 ; AB; 澄清 (4)
bomb /bom/ n. 炸弹 clone /kloun/ vt. BH; 以 无 性 繁殖 技术 复制
vt. SKE; 对 …… 投 炸弹 (5) n. 克隆 动物 ( 或 植物 ) (2)
boost /bu:st/ vr. 使 增长 ; 使 兴 cloth /klp0/ n. ( 一块 ) 布 ; 织物 ; 布料 (3)
7. 增长 ; 提高 ; 激励 (5) column /‘kplom/ n.( 书 、 报 纸 印刷 页 上 的 ) 栏 ;
botanical /bo'tentkl/ adj. 植物 学 的 qd) 专栏 ; 柱 ( 形 物 ) (3)
bother /boda(r)/ vi. & vt. Hb; FRG; Alo 操心 combine /kom'bamn/ vt. & vi. (4#) BA; 混合 (2)
n. 麻烦 ;不 便 (4) come to power (开始 ) 掌权 ; LA (D
boundary /baundri/ n. 边界 ， 界 限 ; 分 界线 (3) command /ke'maind/ n. 指令 ; 命令 ; 控制
bow /bau/ vi. 鞠躬; 点 头 vt. 命令 ; 控制 (2)
vt. {& ( &) commit /ko'mit/
/bau/ n. 弓 ; 蝴蝶 结 (4) vt. 承诺 ; 保证 ( 某 个 人 、 机 构 等 )
Brazil /bra'zll/ 巴西 ( 国家 名 ) (4) vi. BF; 全 心 全 意 投入 ( 工作 、 活 动 等 ) ql)
break down 消除 ; 分 解 ; 打破 (4) commit oneself to do
broom /bru:m/ 7. 2; HR; SEE (5) 承诺 ; 保证 ( 做 某 事 、 遵 守 协 议 或 安排 等 ) (1)
buffet /bAfrt/ ve. 连续 猛 击 ; 打 来 打 去 committed /ka'mitid/
/bufer 'bafer/ n. 自助 餐 (3) adj. 尽心 尽力 的 ; 坚定 的 ; 坚信 的 (1)
Bulgaria /bal'geario/ 保加利亚 ( 国家 名 ) (4) component /kom'pounont/ n. 组 成 部 分 ; 零件 (4)
bush /buf/ n. 灌木 (3) comprise /kom'praiz/ vt. 包括 ; 包含 ; 由 …… 组 成 (5)
by comparison ( 与 … ) 相 比 较 (4) be comprised of 包括 ; 包含 ;
by contrast 相 比 之 下 (人 Be 组 成 ( 或 构成 ) (5)
conclusion /kon'klu:3n/ n. 结论 ; 推论 (dy
| C conflict /konflikt/n. 矛盾 ; 冲突
/kan'flikt/ vi. 冲突 ; 抵触 (4)
call on ( 短暂 地 ) lel; 要求 ( 某 人 讲话 等 ); consequence /‘konsikwons/ 7. 结果 ; BR (1)
正式 邀请 (0) constant /konstent/
cancer /'kenso(r)/ n. #8; 癌症 ; 毒瘤 (2) adj. 不 断 的 ; 重复 的 ; 不 变 的
career /ka'r1o(r)/ n. 职业 ; 事业 (2) n. 常数 ; 常量 (2)
catch fire 着 火 (C2) consumption /kensAmpfn/
cease /si's/ vi. & vt. (使 ) 停止 ; 终止 (2) n. 消耗 ; 消耗 量 ; 消费 (5)
ceiling /'si:lm/n. 天 花 板 ， 上 限 (4) conventional /kan'venfonl/
celebrity /sa'lebroti/ n. 22; 2%; 名 人 ; 名 流 (5) adj. 传统 的 ; 习惯 的 (5)
characteristic /,kerakto'ristik/ convince /kan'vins/ vt. 使 相信 ; 使 确信 ; 说 服 (5)
n. 特征 ; BA; 品质 corridor /'kprido:(r)/
adj, 典型 的 ; 独特 的 (5) n. 狭长 地 带 ; ERB; 过 道 ; 通道 (3)
chart /tfa:t/ n. 图 表 cottage /‘kptid3/ n. MB; ( 尤 指 ) HAs 小 别墅 (3)
vt. 记录 ; 制订 计划 (D) cream /kri:m/ 7. 奶油 ; 乳脂 ; 护肤 霜
flow chart 流程 图 (D) adj. THEN; 淡 黄色 的 (3)
cheek /tfizk/ n. 面颊 ; 脸颊 (4) crime /kraim/ n. 犯罪 活动 ; 不 法 行为 (2)
chemical /‘kemikl/ adj. 与 化 学 有 关 的 ; 化 学 的 crisis /krarsIs/
n. 化 学 制品 ; 化 学 品 (5) n.( pl. crises /-si:z/ ) 危机 ;危急 关头 (5)
chest /tfest/ n. M938; HARE (4) critical /‘kritrkl/ adj. 严重 的 ; 关键 的 ; 批判 性 的 (2)
chin /tfin/ n. FE (4) crucial /‘kru:fl/ adj. 至 关 重要 的 ; 关键 性 的 (1)

113
114

Appendices

cycle /Saikl/ n. 自行车; 摩托 车 ; 循环
vi. 骑 自行 车

BD

deceased /di'si:st/ adj. 已 死 的 ; 亡故 的
DDT vn. 滴滴涕 ( 旧时 尤 用 作 农业 杀 虫 剂 )
deep down 在 内 心 深 处 ; ARE; 实际 上
defeat /drfi't/ wr. 击败 ;战胜
n. 失败 ; 挫败
demonstrate /‘demonstreit/
vt. 表现 ; 表达 ; 说 明 ; 证 明
depth /dep0/ n. fF (或 向 里 ) 的 距离 ; 深 ( 度 )
detect /drtekt vt. 发 现 ; 查 明
device /di'vais/n. 方法 ; 技巧 ; 装置 ; 仪器
devote /drveut/
vt. 把 …… 献 ( 给 ); 把 …… 专 用 于 ; 专心 于
于 ; RS; BA; 专心
differ /‘difa(r)/ vi. 相 异 ; 不 同 于
digest /dardsest vt. & vi. 消化
vt. 领会 ; 领悟
/dard5est/ n. 摘要 ; 文摘
display /di'splet/ n. 展览 ; 陈列 ;
vt. Ba; 陈列
distant /drstant/
adj. 遥远 的 ; 远 处 的 ; Ris; DERN
distinct /drstmkt/
adj. 清晰 的 ; 清楚 的 ， 有 区 别 的
distinguish /di'stingwif/ vi. & vt. 区 分 ;辨别
distract /drstraekt/
vt. 分 散 (JERI); 使 分 心
doctorate /‘doktorat/ n. 博士 学 位
Dollywood /'doli,wud/ 多 莉 山 主题 公
domestic /do'mestik/
adj. 本 国 的 ; 国内 的 ; 家
draft /dra:ft/ n. 草稿 ; 草案
vt. 起 草 ; BH)

展览 品

图

的 ; 家 庭 的

BE

early on 在 初期 ; 早先
edge /ed3/n. id; 边缘 ; WA; 77)
vt. & vi. (48) 徐徐 移动 ; 给 …… 加 边
educator /‘ed3ukerta(r)/
n. 教师 ; 教育 工作 者 ; 教育 家
efficient /'fifnt/ adj. 效率 高 的 ， 有 功效 的
electrical /r'lektrikl/ adj. 电 的 ; 用 电 的

(3)

(5)

()

(5)

(5)

(4)

(5)

(3)

(2)

(D)
(4)

(4)
(D)
(3)
(5)

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(2)
(2)

Elon Musk /1'lon mask/ 埃 隆 + 马 斯 克 (1)
embarrassed /im'berost/

adj. 难堪 的 ; Hay (4)
emphasis /‘emfoasis/n. 强调 ; 重视 ; BE (2)
employ /rm'plor vr. 使 用 ; 应 用 ; 雇 (4)
encounter /in'kaunta(r)/ vt. (BAM); 遇 到

n. 邂逅 ;遭遇 (1)
enormous /1'no:mas/ adj. 巨大 的 ; RAN (3)
entertainment /,ento'ternmont/

ne; 招待 ; 娱乐 活动 ; 文娱 节目 (3)
entirely /in'tatoli/ adv. 全 部 地 ; 完整 地 ; 完全 地 (5)
envision /in'vizn/ vt. 展望 ;想象 (5)
essay /'esei/n. XE (2)
essential /1'senfl/

adj. 完全 必要 的 ; 极其 重要 的 (5)
estimate /‘estimot/ wr. 估计 ; 估价 ; 估算

n. 估计; 估算 (5)
evaluate /i'veljuert/ vt. 评价 ; 评估 (1)

expand /ik'spend/ wt. & vi. 扩大 ; 增加
vt PRR; RR (MS ) (5)

extension /1k'stenfn/

7. 扩建 部 分 ; 扩大 ; 电话 分 机 (5)
extract /‘ekstrekt/ n. 提取 物 ; 摘录

/tk'streekt/ vt. 提取 ; 提炼 ; 摘录 ;

( 用 力 ) 拔 出 qd)
extraordinary

/tk'stro:dnri; NAmE tk'stro:doneri/

adj. 不 一 般 的 ; 非凡 的 ; 意 想不到 的 (1)
是 上
fake /ferk/ adj. 假装 的 ; 假 的 ; 冒充 的 (4)
fantasy /'fentosi/n. 448; 想象 (2)
fashion /'fefn/n. 时 尚 ; 时 兴 ; 流行 款式 (3)
favour /'ferva(r)/ vt. REM; 选择 ;有 利于

7. 帮助 ; 恩惠 ; 赞同 (4)

fertiliser ( NAmE -izer ) /'fa:talaizo(r)/

n. 肥料 (5)
flavour ( NAmE -vor )/'fletva/

n. 味道 ; 特点 ; 特色 (5)

flee /fli:/ vi. & vr.( fled, fled ) 迅速 离开 ; YER (1)
Florence Nightingale /‘florons martmgeIl/

弗 洛 伦 斯 . 南 丁 格 尔 (1)
flow /flou/ n. i; 流动 ; 流畅 ;供应

vi. 流 ; 流动 (])

forecast /'fo:ka:st/ vt. & n. 预测 ; 预报 (2)
formula /'fo:mjalo/n. 公式 ;方程式 ;配方 ()
found /faund/ vt. 创建 ; 建立 ; 把 ……: 建立 在 (1)
fountain /‘faunton/ n. 喷泉 ; 人 工 喷泉 ; 喷水池 (3)

IG
generate /‘dgenorert/ vr. 产生 ; 引起 (5)
genius /‘dgi:nios/

n.( pl. geniuses) KA; RR; 天 赋 ()
gentle /‘dgentl/ adj. 温柔 的 ;文静 的 ()
gesture /‘dzestfo(r)/n. F#; BA; BA (4)
glacier /‘glesia(r); ‘glersio(r); NAmE "glerfar/

n. 冰川 (3)
gradually /‘grad3uoli/ adv. 逐渐 地 ; BH = (1)
grain /grein/n. 谷物 ; 谷 粒 ; 颗粒 (5)

grocery /‘grausori/ n. 食品 杂货 店 ; [pl.] 食品 杂货 (5)

BH

hence /hens/ adv. 因此 ; 由 此 (2)

Hitler /‘hitlo/ 希特勒 (1)
hybrid /harbrrd/ n. 杂交 植 ( 动 ) 物 ; 合成 物 ;

混合 动力 车 (5)
il
identical /ar'dentikl/ adj. 相同 的 (4)
imply /rm'play vt. BRB; 暗示 (4)
in other words 换 句 话说 ; 也 就 是 说 (4)
in this sense [in ... sense)

从 这 种 ( 某 种 ) 意义 上 来 讲 (2)
in turn 相应 地 ; 转 而 ; 依次 ; 轮流 (5)
incident /‘insidont/n. 发 生 的 事情 ; 严重 事件 ;

冲突 (4)
incredible /mkredabl/ adj. 极 好 的 ; 极 大 的 ;

难以 置信 的 (3)
infer /mn'fs:(r)/ ve. 推断 ; 推定 (1)

inference /'inferons/

n. EO OAR; 结论 ; 推论 (4)

make inferences 推理 ; 推断 (4)
innovation /Ima'verfn/ n. 创新 ;创造 (2)
inquire /in'kwara(r)/ (= enquire]

vi. & vt. 询问 ; 打听 (4)
insist /in'stst/ vi. & ve. 坚持 ; 坚决 要 求 (1)

insist on 坚决 要 求 (1)
instance /'nstans/ n. 例子 ; 实例 ; 事例 (5)

for instance 例如 ; 比如 (5)

instant /‘mstont/ n. 瞬间 ; 片刻
adj. 立即 的 ; 速 食 的 ; 速溶 的 (2)
institute /‘institju:t/ n.( 教育 、 专 业 等 ) 机 构 ;

机 构建 筑 (1)
institution /nsti'tjufn/ n. 社会 公共 机 构 ;
制度 ;习俗 (1)
integrate /‘intigreit/
vi. & vt.( 48) 合并 ; 成 为 一 体 (2)
integrated /mtrgrertrd/
adj. 各 部 分 密切 协调 的 ; 综合 的 (2)
intense /in'tens/
adj. 热切 的 ; 十 分 强烈 的 ; 激烈 的 (5)
interaction /ntor'ekfn/n. 交流 ; 相互 影响 (4)
internal /rm'ts:nl/ adj. 内 部 的 ; 里 面 的 (4)
interpret /in'ts:prit/ vt. 把 …… 理 解 ( 解释 ) 为
vi. 信 中 口译 (4)
intervene /,inta'vi:n/ vi. 干预 ; 介入 (4)
iron /'aton/ n. 铁 ; 铁器 ; 铸铁 ; FEAF
vt. & vi.( ABR ) BE; BF (3)

Isaac Newton /arzak 'nju:tn/ 艾 萨 克 ' 牛顿 (1)

HJ

Jewish /dgu:if/ adj. 犹太 人 的 ; 犹太 教 的 (D
journalist /‘d33:nolist/
n.MaMCa; 新 闻 工 作者 (3)

| K

keep in touch (with .…] ( 与 …… ) 保持 联系 ;
了 解 ( 某 课题 或 领域 的 情况 ) (2)
knob /npby/ n. 旋钮 ; 球形 把 手 (2)

BL

label /lerbl/ vt. 用 标签 标明 ;贴标签

n. 标签 ; 标记 (3)
leak /lisk/ vi. & vt. i; Bis; BEB
n. 漏洞 ;裂缝 ;透露 (2)
LED abbr. ( light-emitting diode ) 发 光 二 极 管 (5)
leisure /leza(r)/ n. FRI; 休闲 ; 空闲 (5)
leopard /'lepad/ n. #8 (3)
librarian /lar'breorion/ n. 图 书 管理 员 ;
图 书馆 馆 长 (2)
liquid /Iukwid/ n. 液体
adj. 液体 的 ; 液态 的 (1)

一 一 Vocabulary

115
Appendices

116

live off 依靠 …… 生 活 ; 以 吃 …… 为 生

lower /lsua(T)/ vt. 把 …… 放 低 ; 降低 ; 减少
adj. 下 面 的 ; 下 方 的 ; 较 小 的

lung /lan/ 2. fit

luxury /‘lakfori/ n. #4

由 M

malaria /ma'iesria/ n. ER
Melbourne /melban/
墨尔本 ( 澳大利亚 城市 )
merely /mreli/ adv. RE; 仅仅 ; 只 不 过
mineral /'minoral/n. 矿物 ; 矿物 质
mode /moud/ n. 模式 ; 方式 ; 风格
mostly /maustli/ adv. 主要 地 ;一般 地
mourn /momn/ vt. &. vi. RE; 忧伤
moustache [especially US mustache]
/ma'sta:s; NAmE 'mastef/n. 上 唇 的 胡子 ; H

oN

nanobot /‘nenoubnt/ n. 纳米 机 器 人
nevertheless /,nevads'les/

adv. 尽管 如 此 ; 不 过 ; 然而

Nobel Prize /nou,bel 'praiz/ 诺 贝尔 奖
nonverbal /,non'va:bl/

adj. 不 涉及 言语 的 ; 非 言语 的
novel /npvl/ n. ( 长 篇 ) 小 说

novelist /‘novolist/ n. 小 说 家
numerous /'nju:moras/ adj. 众多 的 ; 许多 的
nutrition /nju'trrfny/ n. 营养 ;滋养

nutritional /nju'trifanl/ adj. 营养 ( 物 ) 的

nutritious /nju'trifas/

adj. 有 营养 的 ; 营养 丰富 的

fo

obey /a'ber/ vi. & vt. ARM; 遵守
objective /ab'dgektiv/n. 目标 ; 目的
adj. 客观 的
obtain /ab'tern/ vt.( 尤 指 经 努力 ) 获得 ; 赢得
vi. ( 规章 、 习 俗 等 ) 存在 ; 流行
occupation /pkju'perfn/n. 职业 ; 占领
occupy /pkjupar vt. 占据 ; 占用
on the move 在 行进 中 ;在 移动 中
Oppose /spauz/ wt. 反对 ; 抵制 ; 阻挠

(4)

(4)
(5)
(2)
(D
(D

(D

(2)

(2)
(1)

(4)
qd)
qd)
(1)
(5)
(5)

(5)

(2)

qd)

qd)
(2)
(4)
(3)
(2)

organic /o:'geenik/ adj. 有 机 的 ; 不 使 用 化 肥 的 ;
有 机 物 的
output /‘avtput/n. 产量 ; 输出 ; 输出 量
vt.( output, output ) 输出
overcome /,suva'kam/ vt.
( overcame, overcome ) 克服 ; 解决 ; 战胜

aP

paragraph /'perogra:f/ n. 段 ; 段落
passion /'pefn/n. BE; 激情
patent /pertnt; paetnt/

n. 专利 ; 专利 证 书 ; 获得 专利

adj. 有 专利 的 ; 受 专利 保护 的
peculiarity /pi.kju:li'erati/n. 个 性 ;特点 ;

怪异 的 性 质
pedal /‘pedl/n.( 自行 车 等 的 ) HT; BAR

vt. & vi. 骑 自 行车 ; 踩踏 板
penicillin /penrsrlrny/ n. 青霉素 ， 盘 尼 西林
perceive /po'si:v/ vt. Rit; Bis; 理解
persuade /po'sweid/ vr. 劝说 ; 说 服
pesticide /pestisard/n. ARH; 除 害 药物
photoelectric /,feutaur'lektrik/ adj. 光电 的
phrase /freiz/n. 短语 ; 词组
physiology / fizi'plod3i/ 7. 生理 学 ; 生理 机 能
pirate /parrst/ ”海盗 ;盗版 者
vt. BE); BA

polar /'poula(r)/ adj. (3 ) 极地 的 ;

南极 ( 或 北极 ) 的 ; 磁极 的
politician /polo'tifn/n. 从 政 者 ; BGR; 政客
pollinate /pplanert/ wt. 授粉 ; 传粉

(5)

(5)

(5)

(2)
(1)

(1)

(D

(G3)
(1)
(4)
(2)
(5)
(1)
(2)
(D)

(3)

(3)

(1)
(5)

pose /psuz/ n. 故 作 姿态 ; ( 为 画像 、 拍 照 等 摆 的 ) 姿势

vi. 摆好 姿势
vt. 造成 ( 威胁 、 问 题 等 )

potential /pa'tenfl adj. 可 能 的 ; 潜在 的
n. 潜力 ; 可 能 性

(4)

(2)

potentially /po'tenfali/ adv. 潜在 地 ;可 能 地 (2)

poverty /'ppvoti/n. RB; RK
predict /pri'dikt/ vt. 预测， 预言， 预料
prediction /pri'dikfn/ n. 预测 ， 预 言
preference /'prefrans/ n. 爱好 ; 偏爱
Princeton /prmsten/ 普林斯顿 ( 美国 城市 )
professor /pro'fesa(r)/ n. 教授

(5)
(2)
(2)
(2)
(1)
qd)

prohibit /pra'hibit/ ve. ( 尤 指 以 法 令 ) 禁止 ; 阻止 (3)
prohibition /prour'bifn/ n. 禁止 ; 阻止 ; 禁令 (3)

property /prppati/ n. #2; 特征 ; 财产

()
Vocabulary

prospect /'prospekt /n. 可 能 性 ; BR (2) signpost /'sampoust/ n. 路 标 (2)
slight /slart/ adj. 轻微 的 ;略微 的 ; 细小 的 (4)
| R slightly /slartli/ adv. 略微 ; 稍微 (4)
slump /slamp/ vi. #25 Eb ( 或 坐等 ) (4)
Rapa /'ra:pa:/ River 拉 帕 河 (3) sneeze /sni:z/ vi. JRE
rare /rea(r)/ adj. 稀少 的 ; 珍贵 的 ; (A) FFA (3) n. 喷 吨 ; 喷 跟 声 (3)
react /ri'ekt/ vi.( 对 …… ) 起 反应 ; 回应 ; soil /sorl/ n. 泥土 ; 土壤 ; Bt; 领土 (5)
( 对 食物 等 ) 有 不 良 反应 (人 ) sorghum /so:gam/ 7 高梁; 高 梁 米 (5)
reality /ri'eloti/n. 现实 ; 实际 情况 ; 事实 (5) sour /'saua(r)/ adj. 酸 的 ， 有 酸味 的 (3)
reindeer /‘remdra(r)/ n. 驯鹿 (3) splendid /‘splendid/
relativity /,relo'tivati/ n. 相对 论 ; 相对 性 (D) adj. 壮丽 的 ; 雄伟 的 ; 极 佳 的 ; 非常 好 的 (3)
relevant /‘relovont/ adj. 有 关 的 ; 有 意义 的 (2) stare /stea(r)/ vi. 盯 着 看 ; 凝视
reliable /ri'larabl/ adj. SHH; WRAY (4) n. 凝视 (4)
remarkable /ri'ma:kabl/ adj. 非凡 的 ; 显著 的 (1) steam /sti:m/n. BA; KBAR; BAMA
remote /rrmaut/ adj. 远程 的 ;偏远 的 (2) vi. RR; 散发 蒸汽 ; BIKA (3)
remote control 遥控 器 ; 遥控 2) straighten up 直 起 来 ;整理 ;收拾 整齐 (4)
resist /ri'zist/ vi. & vt. HRI; 反抗 ;抵挡 (2) strain /strern/
resistance /ri'zistons/ n. 抵制 ; 反对 ; 抗拒 (2) n. ( 动 、 植 物 的 ) A; 品种 ; 拉 伤 ; 压力 (5)
reveal /ri'vi:l/ vt. 揭示 ; 显示 ; 露出 (4) stretch /stretf/ vi. 延伸 ， 延续
rewarding /ri'wo:din/ adj. 值得 做 的 有 益 的 。 (3) vi. & vt. HE; 舒展 (3)
roller coaster /‘raulo,kousta(r)/ n. 过 山 车 (3) structure /'straktfo(r)/ n. 结构 ; 体系
root /ru:t/n. 根 ; 根茎 ; 根部 ; 根源 (5) vt. 系统 安排 ;， 精心 组 织 (2)
route /ru:t/ 1. 路 线 ; 路 途 ; 途径 G) substance /SAbstens/
routine /ru:'ti:n/n. 常规 ;正常 顺序 n. 物质 ;物品 ; 事实 根据 (1)
adj. 常规 的 ; 日 常 的 (2) sum /sam/ vi. 总 结 ; 概括
daily routine 日 常生 活 (2) n 金额 ; PR; SR, 总 和 (D)
rural /rusrsl/ adj. 乡村 的 ; 农村 的 (2) sum up 总 结 ; 概括 (D)
superb /su:'ps:b; sju:'psib/ adj. 极 佳 的 ; 卓越 的 (3)
is Sweden /‘switdn/ 瑞典 ( 国家 名 】 G)
swing /swin/ vt. & vi.( swung, swung )
Salty / so:lti/ adj. 含 盐 的 ; BUS G) ( 使 ) 摆动 ; 摇摆 ; 转弯 ; ( 使 ) 突然 转向 G)
Sami /sqmi/ 萨 米 人 Swiss /swis/ adj. 瑞士 的
( 居住 在 斯 堪 的 纳 维 亚 北部 的 拉 普 人 ) (3) n.( pl. Swiss ) 瑞士 人 ()
Sarek National Park 萨 勒 克 国 家 公园 G) switch /switf/ ve. 转换 ， 交 换
SARS /sa:z/ abbr. 严重 急性 呼吸 综合 征 (D) vi. & vt.( 4) 改变 ;转变
scientific /,saron'trfik/ n. 开关 ; 转换 器 ; 改变 (2)
adj. 科学 ( 上 ) 的 ; 关于 科学 的 () switch off/on * / 开 (电灯 、 机 器 等 ) (2)
secure /si'kjua(r)/ Switzerland /'switsolond/ 瑞士 ( 国家 名 ) (1)
adj. 安全 的 ; ROY; 可靠 的 ; 牢固 的
vt. 获得 ; FEB; 保护 (2) Ff T
security /si'kjuoroti/ n. 保护 措施 ; 安全 工作 (2)
sensor /'sensa(r)/ n. 传感器 ; 敏感 元 件 C2) tackle /takl wt. 解决 ORB); 应 付 (局面 );
set out HX; BE; ( 怀 着 目标 ) 开始 工作 (3) 处 理 (5)
shortage /"So:tid3/n. 不 足 ; 缺少 ; 短缺 G) take up a position 担任 ; 任职 (D)
Siberian /sarbrerIen/ adj. 西伯 利 亚 (人 ) 的 teapot /ti:ppt/ n. 茶壶 (3)
n. PABAIIEA (3) tendency /'tendonsi/ n. 趋势 ; 倾向 (4)

117

Appendices 7 是

118

territory /teratri; 'terato:ri/
n. Ht; 版 图 ; 领域 ; 地 盘
the Amish /amarf; amaxrf/
7 阿曼 门 诺 派
the Arctic /‘a:ktik/ Circle 北极 圈
theme /0i:m/ adj. 有 特定 主题 的
n. 主题 ; 主题 思想
theme park 主题 公园 ; 主题 乐园
theory /9reri/ n. Hit; 学 说
tick /trk/ vr. 给 ( 试卷 、 问 题 等 ) TBS
vi. ( 钟表 ) RASS
n. 8S
tone /toun/n. 语气 ; 腔调 ; 口吻
tractor /'trekta(r)/
n. 拖拉 机 ; 牵引 机 ;拖车 头

trial /‘trarol/n.& v. 审讯 ; 审判 ; 试验 ; it

tunnel /taAnl/ 半 .地 下 通道 ;地道 ; 隧道

twin /twin/ adj. 双胞胎 之 一 的 ; 挛 生 之 一 的
n. 挛 生 之 一 ; 双胞胎 之 一

fu

ultimately /‘altrmotli/ adv. RA; 最 后

up to 达到 ( 某 数量 、 程 度 等 ); 直到 ; 不 多 于

( 体力 或 智力 上 ) 能 胜任
upside down Hil; #;
urban /'s:bon/ adj. 城市 的 ; 都 市 的 ; 城镇 的

fv

valley /'vaeli/n.@; WA; BE
vary /'veori/ vi. ( 根据 情况 ) 变化 ; 改变

(3)

(5)

(5)

(3)
(4)

vast /va:st/ adj. 辽阔 的 ; 巨大 的 ; 庞大 的
visible /'vizabl/ adj. 看 得 见 的 ; TAN
vision /‘vizgn/ n. 想象 ; 视力 ; ME; 影像
vital /'vaitl/
adj. 必 不 可 少 的 ; 极其 重要 的 ; 充满 生机 的
Vietnam /vjetnaemy/ 越南 ( 国家 名 )

iw

waist /weist/ n. 腰 ; 腰部
wander /'wondo(r)/ n. 游荡 ; 闲逛 ; 流浪
vt. & vi. 闲逛 ;漫游
vi. EK; BR; 走神
warning /'wo:nn/ n. 警告 ; 警示 ; 先兆
wear and tear ( 正常 使 用 造成 的 ) 磨损 ， 损 耗
weep /witp/ vi. & vt. Ria; 流泪
wheat /witt/ n. 小 麦 ;小麦 籽
Widespread /wardspred/
adj. 分 布 广 的 ; 普遍 的 ; 广泛 的
wire /'wata(r)/n. 电线 ; 金属 丝 ( 或 线 )
vt. 接 通电 源 ; 将 …… 连 接 到
wiring /warsrID/ n. 电线 线路 ; 线路 系统
witness /‘witnos/ vt. 当场 看 到 ; 目击 ;见证
n. 目击 者 ; 证 人
wormwood /'wsa:mwud/ n. %; 洋 艾

HY

yield /ji:ld/ n. 产量 ; 产 出

.出 产 (作物 ); 产生 ( 收益 、 效 益 等 )

vi. BAR; 让 步

(4)

(3)
(2)
qd)
(4)
(5)

(5)

(2)
(2)

(4)
dy)

(5)

Irregular Verbs 不 规则 动词

— Irregular Verbs

Verb Pasttense | Past participle Verb Pasttense | Past participle
|

be (am,is, are) | was, were been fly flew flown
bear bore born, borne forget | forgot forgotten
beat beat beaten get | got got/gotten
become became become give | gave | given
begin began begun go | went | gone
bend bent bent grow grew grown
bet bet bet hang (悬挂 ) | hung | hung
bite bit bitten have (has) | had had
blow blew blown hear | heard | heard
break broke broken hide hid hidden
bring brought brought hit hit hit
build built built hold held held
burn burnt/burned burnt/ourned hurt hurt hurt
buy bought bought keep kept kept
catch | caught caught know knew known
choose chose chosen ay aid aid
come | came come ead | led led
cost | cost cost lean leant/leaned leant/leaned
cut | cut cut learn | learnt/learned learnt/learned
deal dealt | dealt leap leapt/leaped | leapt/leaped
dig | dug | dug leave | left | left
do (does) did | done lend lent | lent
draw | drew | drawn et | et | et
dream | dreamtdreamed| dreamt/dreamed ie ( #4 ) | ay | lain
drink | drank | drunk ight it/lighted lit/lighted
drive drove "driven lose | lost | lost
eat | ate | eaten make | made | made
fall | fell | fallen mean meant | meant
feed | fed fed meet | met | met
feel | felt | felt mistake mistook | mistaken
fight | fought fought output output output
find | found | found overcome overcame overcome
flee | fled fled oversleep | overslept overslept

119
Appendices

120

Verb Pasttense _ Past participle Verb Past tense | Past participle

pay | paid | paid speak spoke | Spoken

put | put | put Speed Sped/speeded ，sped/speeded
| quit | quit/quitted quit/quitted spell spelt/spelled spelt/spelled
read /ri:d/ | read /red/ read /red/ spend | Spent spent

ride | rode ridden spread spread | spread

1G rang | rung Stand stood | stood
| rise rose risen steal stole stolen

run ran run stick stuck stuck

say said said strike struck struck/stricken
see saw seen sweep swept swept

seek sought sought swim swam swum

sell | sold sold swing | swung | swung

send | Sent Sent take took taken

set | set | set teach taught | taught

shake shook shaken tell told | told
| shine shone : | shone : think thought | thought
shoot shot | shot throw threw | thrown

‘show showed | shown understand understood | understood
"shut shut shut upset upset upset

sing gang sung wake woke woken

sit sat sat wear wore worn

| sleep slept - 7 slept win won won
| slide slid slid write wrote written

smell | smelt/smelled | smelt/smelled

本 册 教 科 书 是 人 民 教 育 出 版 社 课程 教材 研究 所 英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心 与 美国 圣 智
学 习 集团 合作 ， 依 据 教育 部 《普通 高 中 英语 课程 标准 ( 2017 年 版 )》 编 写 的 ， 经 国家 教材
委员 会 2019 年 审查 通过 。

本 册 教 科 书 的 编写 ， 集 中 反映 了 我 国 十 余年 来 普通 高 中 课程 改革 的 成 果 ， 吸 取 了
2004 年 版 《普通 高 中 课程 标准 实验 教科 书 ”英语 》 的 编写 经 验 ， 凝 聚 了 参与 课 改 实验 的
教育 专家 、 学 科 专家 、 教 材 编写 专家 、 教 研 人 员 和 一 线 教 师 ， 以 及 教材 设计 装帧 专家 的 集
体 智 慧 。 本 册 教 科 书 的 执笔 者 还 有 Edward Yoshioka, Ravin Daswani、Rayne Ngoi、 熊 金 震 、
马 晓 蕾 、 贵 丽 萍 、 赵 静 宜 、 麻 晓 荐 、 庄 力 。 为 本 册 书 提供 整体 设计 的 是 吕 县 、 胡 白 珂 ， 绘
制 插图 的 是 怡 彩 艺术 设计 、 王 国 栋 。 为 本 册 书 摄影 的 是 朱 京 。

我 们 感谢 2004 年 版 《普通 高 中 课程 标准 实验 教科 书 ”英语 》 的 副 主 编 袭 亚 夫 和 编写
人 员 Sarah H. Miller, Dodie Brooks, Nora Allingham, Rick Sjoquist 等 。 我 们 感谢 为 本 册
书 提 供 专业 支持 的 中 国 科技 馆 。 我 们 感谢 所 有 对 教科 书 的 编写 、 出 版 、 试 教 等 提供 过 帮助
与 支持 的 同仁 和 社会 各 界 朋友 。

本 册 教 科 书 出 版 之 前 ， 我 们 通过 多 种 渠道 与 教科 书 选 用 作品 (包括 照片 、 画 作 ) 的 作
者 进行 了 联系 ， 得 到 了 他 们 的 大 力 支 持 。 对 此 ， 我 们 表示 衷心 的 感谢 !

我 们 真诚 地 希望 广大 教师 、 学 生 及 家 长 在 使 用 本 册 教 科 书 的 过 程 中 提出 宝贵 意见 。 我
们 将 集思广益 ， 不 断 修 订 ， 使 教科 书 趋 于 完善 。

联系 方式
电话 : 010-58758866
电子 邮箱 : jcfk@pep.com.cn

人 民 教 育 出 版 社 “课程 教材 研究 所
英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心
2019 年 4 月

TE Te AS Ta Hee EE Hr BS) AT A Bat

东方 IC 图 片 网 (P45 一 张 图 ，P50 一 张 图 ) ;

新 华 社 图 片 库 (了 64 SKA, P81 一 张 图 ) ;

Getty Images (了 P6 一 张 图 ，P11 一 张 图 ，P59 HAKAl, P63 两
张 图 ，P66 一 张 图 ，P67 一 张 图 ，P70 一 张 图 ，P87 一 张 图 ，P88
一 张 图 ，P91 两 张 图 ，P92 一 张 图 ，P94 一 张 图 ) ;

iStock (P32 一 张 图 ) ;

Thinkstock (P38 一 张 图 ) ;

谷 占 元 (P91 一 张 图 )。

PUTONG GAOZHONG JIAOKESHU
YINGYU

Bt BN ay Gi

普通 高 中 教科 书 ”英语 “选择 性 必修 ”第 一 册
价格 批准 文 号 : 鲁 发 改 价格 核 (2020)021192
举报 电话 :12358

