义务 教育 教科 书
Je 话

九 年 级 全 一 册
致 同学

同学 们 ， 你 们 好 ! 欢迎 你 们 进入 九 年 级 的 英语 学 习 !

本 套 教 材 是 根据 你 们 的 心理 特点 、 认 知 水 平和 兴趣 爱好 来 编写 的 。
相信 在 新 学 年 ， 教 材 的 以 下 特点 会 继续 帮助 你 们 学 好 英语 ;

1. 教材 不 仅 要 帮助 你 们 学 习 英 语 语言 知识 ， 更 重要 的 是 要 帮助 你 们

发 展 语言 运用 能 力 ，

让 你 们 学 会 用 英语 表达 思想 、 与 人 交流 。

2. 教材 充分 考虑 了 你 们 的 生活 实际 和 学 习 需 求 ， 教 材 的 内 容 和 活动
都 与 你 们 的 生活 和 兴趣 紧密 相连 ， 目 的 是 让 你 们 在 英语 学 习 中 不 感到 相
燥 乏 味 ， 而 是 有 话 可 说 、 有 话 想 说 、 有 话 能 说 。

3. 教材 在 重视 培养 你

] 的 语言 运用 能 力 的 同时 ， 更 加 重视 培养 你 们

的 语言 学 习 策略 和 技能 。 这 些 策 略 和 技能 是 帮助 你 们 进一步 学 好 英语 的

基础 。

4. 教材 为 你 们 设计 了 许多 具有 交际 意义 的 任务 或 活动 ， 目 的 是 让 你
们 在 英语 课堂 上 “ 活 ” 起 来 、“ 动 ”起 来 。 英 语 课堂 教学 需要 你 们 的 充分
参与 ， 英 语 学 习 需 要 你 们 与 老师 合作 、 与 同学 交流 。 通 过 参与 和 互动 ，
你 们 的 英语 水 平 才 会 得 到 不 断 提 高 。

5. 教材 进一步 丰富 了 文化 教学 的 内 容 ， 包 括 我 们 的 民族 文化 、 英 语 国

家 的 文化 和 非 英语 国

阔 ， 思 想 会 更 丰富 ，
要 想 学 好 英语 ，

学 习 资源 。 学 习 英语

家 的 文化 。 通 过 文化 内 容 的 学 习 ， 你 们 的 视野 会 更 开
思维 会 更 活跃 ， 交 流 会 更 得 体 。

光 靠 课本 是 不 够 的 ， 你 们 还 需要 继续 接触 更 多 的 英语
没有 捷径 ， 只 有 多 听 、 多 说 、 多 读 、 多 写 、 多 记 、 多

用 才 是 最 有 效 的 办 法 。 因 此 ， 你 们 要 充分 利用 各 种 资源 和 机 会 来 学 习 英

语 。

同学 们 ， 继 续 努力 吧 ! 祝 你 们 英语 学 习 取得 更 大 进步 !

编者
2012 年 12 月
Contents

How can we
become good
learners?

Page 1

Learning how to learn

Talk about how to
study

Structures

Verb + by with gerund

2 Festivals Give a personal Objective clauses with that, if and
reaction whether

I think that

Exclamatory statements

mooncakes are

delicious!

Page 9

3) Getting around Ask for information Objective clauses with wh- questions
politely

Could you Follow directions

please tell

me where the
restrooms are?

Page 17

How do you learn English?
Ilearn by studying with a group.
Do you learn English by reading
aloud?

Yes, I do. It helps my pronunciation.

How can I read faster?
You can read faster by reading word

groups.

Vocabulary

ability, attention, brain,
conversation, expression, grammar,
knowledge, note, pronunciation,
secret, speed, textbook

connect, create, discover, increase,
pronounce, repeat, review

active, patient

pay attention to, connect ... with,
fall in love with

work, read, listen, ask, help, study,
watch, practice, improve, under-
stand, learn, develop, remember,
prepare

be interested in, look up, be good
at, in common, get bored, find out,
take notes, learn from

How questions

I know that the Water Festival is really
fun.

I wonder if they’ll have the races again
next year.

I wonder whether June is a good time
to visit Hong Kong.

What fun the Water Festival is!

How pretty the dragon boats were!

business, Christmas, dessert, fool,
garden, novel, present, pound,
relative, stranger, tie, treat, warmth
admire, lay, lie, punish, spread,
steal, warn

wash away, lay out, dress up, put on

fantastic, crowded, delicious,

fun, traditional, pretty, beautiful,
exciting, interesting, special, scary,
popular

be similar to, remind ... of

Excuse me, do you know where I can
buy some medicine?

Sure. There’s a supermarket down the
street.

Could you please tell me how to get to
the post office?
Sorry, I’m not sure how to get there.

I wonder where we should go next.
You should try that new ride over
there.

address, bathroom, choice, corner,
direction, postcard, restroom,
speaker, stamp

rush, suggest

central, convenient, correct, direct,
east, polite, underground

money, magazine, dictionary,
dinner, newspaper, information,
town, shoes, bookstore, supermarket,
bank, park, ride, restaurant, post
office, library, museum

excuse me, go along, turn right/
left, second/third floor, next to

Modal verbs
4)

l used to be
afraid of the
dark.

Page 25

Howwe have changed Talk about what you
used to be like

Structures

Used to

5]

Things made in China Talk about what
products are made of

Passive voice (present tense)

What are the and where they were

shirts made made

of?

Page 33

0 Inventions Talk about the history _ Passive voice (past tense)
of inventions

When was it

invented?

Page 41

(7) Rules Talk about what you Should + be allowed to

Teenagers
should be
allowed to
choose their
own clothes.

Page 49

are allowed to do

Agree and disagree

Modal verbs used in the passive voice

Lused to be short.
I didn’t use to be popular in school.

You used to be short, didn’t you?
Yes, I did./No, I didn't.

Did he use to wear glasses?
Yes, he did./No, he didn’t.

Vocabulary

ant, background, examination,
guard, introduction, pride, score,
speech

fail, influence, interview, require
absent, general, helpful, humorous,

private, proud, silent

be proud of, from time to time, take

pride in, deal with, in person

tall, short, outgoing, funny, shy,
serious, quiet, friendly, active,
brave, thin, strong, famous,
popular, afraid, normal

straight/curly hair, wear glasses,
pay attention to

Present perfect tense

Are your shirts made of cotton?
Yes, they are. And they were made in
the US.

What's the model plane made of?
It’s made of used wood and glass.

How is tea grown?
It’s planted on the sides of mountains.

balloon, blouse, cap, chopstick,
coin, fork, form, glass, glove, grass,
handbag, heat, leaf, material,

product, scissors, steel, surface
avoid, complete, paint, process
international, lively, local

no matter, even though

stamp, wood, gold, paper, silk,
model plane, painting, tea,
mountain, health, business, camera,
clothes, watch, toy, kite, festival,
competition, art, bamboo

Objective clauses

When was the zipper invented?
It was invented in 1893.

Who was it invented by?
It was invented by Whitcomb Judson.

What is the hot ice-cream scoop used
for?

It’s used for serving really cold ice-
cream.

basket, customer, fridge, hero,
instrument, doubt, pioneer,
pleasure, project, purpose, smell,
style, website

divide, list, mention, produce,
translate

by accident, by mistake, look up to,
take place, without doubt, all of a
sudden

invention, TV car, telephone,
special, ice-cream, shoes, tea,
century, country, inventor, potato
chip, history, mistake, basketball,
idea

invent, discover, create

popular, sweet, salty

It is said that ...

It is believed that ...

I don’t think sixteen-year-olds should
be allowed to drive.
Iagree. They aren't serious enough.

Teenagers must not be allowed to
have part-time jobs.

I disagree. They can learn a lot from
working.

part-time job, chance, community,
license, safety, societ
) Ys y

cry, educate, enter, hug, lift,
manage, regret, smoke, support

get in the way of, keep away from,
talk/shout back, make one’s own
decision

parent, decision, rule, test, choice

drive, choose, work, agree, disagree,

decide

young, silly, serious, old, strict,
worried

take photos, move out, take care of,
look after, care about

Adverbial clauses with when

8] Mysteries Make inferences Must, might, could and can’t for making
inferences

It must belong
to Carla.

Page 57

[9 Music and movies Express preferences Relative clauses with that, who and
which

| like music
that I can
dance to.

Page 65

@ Customs Talk about customs Supposed to + infinitive
and what you are

You're supposed to do

supposed to

shake hands.

Page 73

11) Feelings Talk about how things Make + sb. + infinitive without to

. ay Make + sb. + adjective
Sad movies

make me cry.

Page 81

Vocabulary

Whose volleyball is this?
It must be Carla's. She loves volleyball.

Whose hair band is this?

Tt could be Meis hair band. Or it
might belong to Linda. They both
have long hair.

What did you see that night?
I’m not sure, but it can’t be a dog.

circle, coat, enemy, laboratory,
leader, noise, picnic, policeman,
rabbit, truck, period, suit, victory

attend, express, prevent, receive
medical, valuable
anybody, somebody, whose

not only... but also

volleyball, magazine, book, CD,
toy, music, schoolbag, idea

remember, believe, think, agree

favorite, unusual, strange, special,
nervous, worried

thousands of, run after

Adverbial clauses with but, however
and as

What kind of music do you like?
Ilove music that/which I can sing
along with.

What kind of movies do you like?

I prefer movies that/which give me
something to think about.

What kind of musicians does Carmen
like?

She likes musicians who play different
kinds of music.

dialogue, director, master, pain,
pity, praise, total, war, wound

perform, prefer, reflect, sense, shut,
suppose

national, plenty, smooth,
electronic, spare

in that case, plenty of, in total

dance, sing, relax, laugh, enjoy, like,
love, prefer

loud, quiet, slow, funny, serious,
down, tired, sad, exciting, scary,
happy, comfortable, sweet, salty,
interesting, beautiful, favorite

don’t mind, feel like, cheer up

What are you supposed to do when
you meet someone for the first time?
You're supposed to shake hands.

Am I supposed to wear jeans?
No, you're expected to wear a suit
and tie.

Is it important to be on time?
Yes, it’s important to be on time.

blackboard, capital, chalk, coast,
kiss, noon, passport, season,
suggestion, traffic, value, worth

behave, greet, knock, value

drop by, get mad, make an effort,
go out of one’s way, make ... feel at
home

kiss, meet, wear, arrive, behave

late, polite, impolite, important,
strange

shake hands, on time
Should for advice
If clauses

The loud music makes me nervous.
Money and fame don’t always make
people happy.

She said that the sad movie made her
feel like crying.

agreement, coach, courage,
friendship, goal, lemon, palace,
queen, king, shoulder, wealth,
weight

cancel, examine, kick, nod

the more ... the more, neither ...
nor, leave out, let ... down, kick off,

be hard on oneself, rather than, pull
together

rainy, cloudy, sad, uncomfortable,
comfortable, soft, relaxed, loud,
nervous, sleepy, mad, unhappy,
worried, angry, lucky

drive ... crazy, in common, even

though

Passive voice

Structures

@ Bad days Narrate past events Review of key structures

Life is full of

the unexpected.

Page 89

® Protecting the Talk about pollution —_ Review of key structures
environment and environmental

We're trying to protection

save the earth!

Page 97

@ School days Share past memories _ Review of key structures

| remember
meeting all of
you in Grade 7.

and experiences

Look ahead to the
future

Page 105

Page 113 Grammar

Page 119 Words and Expressions in Each Unit
Page 132 Vocabulary Index

Page 143 Irregular Verbs

Vocabulary

When I got to school, I realized that I
had left my backpack at home.

When I woke up, it was already
8:00 a.m.

Before I got to the bus stop, the bus
had already left.

As I was waiting in line with the other
office workers, I heard a loud sound.

backpack, bean, block, boss, course,
cream, discovery, east, lady, market,
officer, pie, west, worker

burn, miss, oversleep

give ... a lift, take off, take place

bus, shower, key, clock, plane, bus
stop, airport, earthquake, joke

wake up, brush one’s teeth, wash
one’s face, miss, go off, get dressed,
show up, get up late, stay up, put on

Simple past tense

Adverbial clauses

We're trying to save the earth.
The river used to be so clean.

It was considered the nicest river in
town.

The air has become really polluted.

advantage, bottle, bottom, coal,
cost, fisherman, gate, industry, law,
metal, method, president

afford, cost, litter, recycle
harmful, low, public, ugly, wooden

cut off, make a difference

clean up, take the bus/subway, ride
a bike, cut down, throw away, pull
down, set up

Present progressive tense
Present perfect tense

Passive voice

I think that I'll have to study much
harder for exams.

I’m going to join the school volleyball
team.

Iremember being a volunteer.

I’m looking forward to going to senior
high school.

degree, gentleman, instruction,
keyboard, level, manager, row,
secretary, standard, survey, task,
text, wing

congradulate, double, separate,
shall, overcome

ina row, make a mess, believe in,
be responsible for

no matter, first of all, full of, deal
with, be proud of, give up, along
with, set out, grow up, work out

Objective clauses

Be going to

How can we become good
learners?

Language Goal: fa Check (w) the ways you study English. Then add
Talk about how other ways you sometimes study.
to study

a. by working with friends e. by asking the teacher for help
b. by making word cards

c. by reading the textbook

d. by listening to tapes

T study by making
word cards.

1b Listen. How do these students study for a test? Write letters from 1a above.

1. Meiping 2. Peter 3. Tony

qc Make conversations about how you study for a test.

A: How do you study for a test?
B: I study by working with a group.

pocccccccccccccs UNIT 1 cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceeccesceecccssssssesseessssssesees @

Listen and check Questions Answers
th ti - a
(V) the questions 1. Do you learn English by watching videos?
you hear.
2. Do you ever practice conversations with
friends? 本
3. What about listening to tapes?
4. What about reading aloud to practice
pronunciation? —
5. Have you ever studied with a group?

2b Listen again. Match each answer below with a question above.

a. Yes, I have. I’ve learned a lot that way.
b. Oh, yes. It improves my speaking skills.
c. I do that sometimes. I think it helps.

d. No. It’s too hard to understand the voices.

2c Make conversations using the information in 2a and 2b.

A: Have you ever studied with a group?

B: Yes, I have. I’ve learned a lot that way.

2d Role-play the conversation.

Jack: Annie, I’m a little nervous. I have
to finish reading a book and give a
report next Monday.

Annie: That doesn’t sound too bad.

Jack: But I’m a very slow reader.

Annie: For the first time, just read quickly to

get the main ideas. Don’t read word by word, read word groups.

Jack: But I don’t understand many of the words. I have to use a dictionary.

Annie: Try to guess a word’s meaning by reading the sentences before and after
it. You probably understand more than you think.

Jack: That sounds difficult!

Annie: Well, be patient. It takes time. You can become better by reading
something you enjoy every day. The more you read, the faster you'll be.
. oeccccccccccccee How can we become good learners?。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 UNIT 1. 。.。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

3a Read the passage about Wei Fen and answer the questions.

1. Why did Wei Fen find it difficult to learn English?
2. What did she do in English class?
3. What is the secret to language learning?

How I Learned to Learn English

Last year, I did not like my English class. Every class was like a bad dream. The teacher
spoke too quickly. But I was afraid to ask questions because my pronunciation was
very bad. So I just hid behind my textbook and never said anything.

Then one day I watched an English movie called Toy Story. | fell in love with this
exciting and funny movie! So then I began to watch other English movies as well.
Although I could not understand everything the characters said, their body language
and the expressions on their faces helped me to get the meaning. I also realized I could
get the meaning by listening for just the key words. My pronunciation also improved
by listening to the interesting conversations in English movies. I discovered that listening
to something you are interested in is the secret to language learning. I also learned useful
sentences like “It’s a piece of cake” or “It serves you right.’ I did
not understand these sentences at first. But because I wanted to
understand the story, I looked up the words in a dictionary.

Now I really enjoy my English class. I want to learn new words
and more grammar. Then I can have a better understanding of
English movies.

3b Complete the sentences with what Wei Fen learned from watching
movies. Use words and phrases from the passage

and the
on their faces.
2. I can get the meaning by listening for just the
3. My pronunciation improved by listening to the in English
movies.
1 4. Ilearned sentences like “It’s a piece of cake” by watching
: the movies.

| 5. [can get the meaning of the new words by looking them up ina
How do you learn English? | learn by studying with a group.

Do you learn English by reading aloud? | Yes, | do. It helps my pronunciation.

How can | read faster? You can read faster by reading word groups.

How can | improve my pronunciation? One way is by listening to tapes.

4a Match the questions and answers.

How do you practice speaking? By watching English programs.

How do you learn new words? By listening to a tape and repeating out loud.
How do you improve your writing? By having conversations with friends.

How do you practice listening? By taking notes, doing exercises and reading a lot.
How do you improve your pronunciation? By making word cards.

How do you learn grammar? By writing e-mails to my pen pals.

4b Complete these statements. Use information that is true for you.

a. I like to practice my English by taking notes / reading books and newspapers /
speaking English with my classmates / memorizing sentence patterns

b. Ilike to learn math by

c. Llike to practice my physics by

d. I like to improve my chemistry by

e. [like to practice my Chinese by

f. [like to improve my history and geography by

ac Check (/) what you| 4: Do you learn English by doing grammar exercises?
do to learn English. | 8: Yes, I do.
Then interview your | A How often do you do them?
partner. B: .…

My partner
learns English by ...

| learn English by ...

yes no how often yes no how often

doing grammar exercises.
taking notes in English.
reading English books/magazines.

writing in an English diary.
using an English dictionary.

. 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。HOW can we become good learners?。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 UNIT 1. 。.。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

Learning English can be difficult. What things
are difficult for you? Read the list. Check (w) the
statements that are true for you.

I can’t pronounce some of the words.

I can’t understand spoken English.
I don’t know how to increase my reading speed.
I can't spell some English words.

I make mistakes in grammar.

1b What other things are difficult for you? Make a list.

1. _I don't know enough words to write well.

Paul finds it difficult to learn English. Listen and complete the
learning challenges he talks about.

Challenges

1. He can’t get the right.

2. He a lot of new words.
3. He can't always when people talk to him.
4. He doesn’t get much practice.

1a Listen again. Complete the solutions.

Solutions
1. can help.
2. He can always in his notebook and study them at home.
3. He can to practice speaking.
4. He should find a to practice writing.

te Role-play conversations using the information in 1c and 1d.

A: I don’t have a partner to practice English with.
B: Maybe you should join an English club.

pocccccccccccccs UNIT 1 cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceeccesceecccssssssesseessssssesees @

2a What good learning habits can you think of? Discuss them with your
partner.

2b Read the passage quickly. Which four habits of successful learners are
mentioned?

USING DICTIONARIES

This can help you find the
definition that matches the
context of the word in the text.

How Can You Become
a Successful Learner?

Everyone is born with the ability to learn.
But whether or not you can do this well depends on your learning habits. Research
shows that successful learners have some good habits in common.

Creating an interest in what they learn

Studies show that if you are interested in something, your brain is more active and
it is also easier for you to pay attention to it for a long time. Good learners often
connect what they need to learn with something they are interested in. For example,
if they need to learn English and they like music or sports, they can listen to English
songs or watch sports programs in English. This way they will not get bored.

Practicing and learning from mistakes

Good learners think about what they are good at and what they need to practice
more. Remember, “use it or lose it”! Even if you learn something well, you will
forget it unless you use it. Practice makes perfect. Good learners are also not afraid
of making mistakes. Alexander Graham Bell did not invent the telephone overnight.
He succeeded by trying many times and learning from his mistakes.

Developing their study skills

It is not enough to just study hard. You have to know how to study. Good learners
find out the best ways to learn well. For example, they may take notes by writing
down key words or by drawing mind maps. Good learners also look for ways to
review what they have learned. They may do this by reading their notes every day or
by explaining the information to another student.

| Asking questions

| Good learners often ask questions during or after class.

| They even ask each other and try to find out the answers.
| Knowledge comes from questioning.

Learning is a life-long journey because every day brings
something new. Everything that you learn becomes a
| part of you and changes you, so learn wisely and learn

. oeccccccccccceee How can we become good learners?。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 UNIT 1. 。.。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

Read the passage again and answer the questions.

1. Does the writer think that everyone is born with the ability to learn well?
Do you agree? Why or why not?

2. Why is it a good idea to connect something you need to learn with some-
thing you are interested in?

3. What do the sayings “use it or lose it” and “practice makes perfect” mean?
Do you agree with them?

4. Do good learners learn from mistakes or are they afraid of making
mistakes?

5. What study skills does the writer talk about? Do you have those study
skills?

6. Do you agree that learning is a life-long journey? Why or why not?

Find the following words from the passage in the dictionary. Then write
a sentence using each word in the context of the reading.

brain n. connect v. overnight adv.

attention n. review v. knowledge n.

ability n. active adj. wisely adv.

e.g. brain: A good way to train the brain is to do some math exercises every day.

Can you think of other ways to become a successful learner? Discuss
with your group and share your ideas with the class.

A: I think another way to become a successful learner is by trying to think
about the same thing in different ways.

B: L agree. I believe that...

Your friend wants to improve his/her English and asks you for help. What
are the three best ways to learn and why? Make some notes in the chart.

Best ways to learn Reasons Examples

poccccccccccccces UNIT 1 ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccssceseeessesssssssesseeseeeee

3b Write a letter to your friend. Give him/her some advice about the best
ways to learn English. Use your notes in 3a.

F2 Dear ...,

-~ There are three good ways to learn English.
- The first way is ...
\_. The second way is ... Try to use the following expressions:

L., The third way is... I think you should...

L_, Your friend, Tf you do this, you will...
It is also a good idea to ... because ...

You could try to improve your English by ...

Geit check This will help you to...

1 Fill in the blanks with the words in the box.

practice develop remember prepare __ take

until worry everything stressed _ exercises
Are you out each time you have a test? You don't have to be
if you smart study skills. Remember to notes
in class and review them on your own or with friends after class. Then
what you learned by doing . Try to study and
information bit by bit instead of waiting the last
minute to study at once. If you well for a test,
then there’s nothing to about!

2 Number these sentences in order to make a conversation.

What's the matter?

Well, I practice my listening by listening to the tape over and over
again until I can understand everything.

So you want to practice your listening?

Hi, Jake, I need your help.

Uh-huh. Do you have any advice?

OK, I'll try that.

Ihave a listening test next week.

3 Give advice to these people.

1. Jane is a very slow reader.
She should improve her reading speed
2. Li Ming wants to improve his listening.
He could practice his listening
3. Meiping doesn’t know many English words.
She could learn more words

I think that mooncakes are
delicious!

Language Goal: fa Match the pictures with the descriptions.
Give a personal
reaction The Water Festival in Thailand

The Dragon Boat Festival in Hong Kong

Chinese Spring Festival in Beijing

FY PP

The Lantern Festival in Jiangxi

What a great
day! What did you
like best?

I loved the races!
But I guess that it
was a little crowded,

1b Listen and ‘circle \T for true or F for false.
1. Bill thinks that the races were not that interesting to watch.
2. Mary thinks that the teams were fantastic.

3. Bill wonders whether they'll have the sweet rice dumplings again next year.

HHA
m1 mmm

4. Bill and Mary believe that they’ll be back next year to watch the races.
qc Talk about the festivals in 1a.

A: What do you like best about the Dragon Boat Festival?

B: I love the races. I think that they’re fun to watch.

poccccccccccccce UNIT 2 .oo 。

2a Listen to the conversation between Wu Ming and Harry and circle the
correct words in the sentences.

1. Wu Ming and Harry are cousins / strangers / friends.
2. Wu Ming went to Singapore / Hong Kong / Macao for his vacation.
3. He visited his relatives / friends / classmates.

4. He enjoyed eating out / shopping / the Dragon Boat Festival best.

2b Wu Ming did a lot of fun activities, but these also have down sides.
Listen again and fill in the chart.

Fun activities Down sides

Eating out

Shopping
Dragon Boat Festival in June

2c Role-play conversations between Wu Ming and Harry. Use the
information in 2a and 2b or make up your own conversations.

A: What did you do on your vacation?

B: I visited my cousins. I think that we ate five meals a day!

I’ve put on five pounds!
A: I guess the food was delicious, right?

2d Role-play the conversation.

Clara: Guess what? I’m going to Chiang
Mai in two weeks.

Ben: Wow, sounds like fun! But I believe
that April is the hottest month of the
year there.

Clara: Yes, that’s true. But there’s a Water
Festival from April 13th to 15th.

Ben: I wonder if it’s similar to the water

festival of the Dai people in Yunnan Province.

Clara: Yes, I think so. This is the time of the Thai New Year. People go on the
streets to throw water at each other.

Ben: Cool! But why do they do that?

Clara: Because the new year is a time for cleaning and washing away bad
things. Then you'll have good luck in the new year.
s。 eeccccccccceseee| think that mooncakes are deliciousls。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 UNIT 2 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

3a Read the passage about Mid-Autumn Festival and answer the questions.

1. How do people celebrate Mid-Autumn Festival?
2. What do mooncakes look like? What meaning do they carry?
3. What story is the reading about?

(— >)
Full Moon, Full Feelings

Chinese people have been celebrating Mid-Autumn Festival and enjoying
mooncakes for centuries. Mooncakes have the shape of a full moon on
mid-autumn night. They carry people's wishes to the families they love and miss.

There are many traditional folk stories about this festival. However, most people
think that the story of Chang’e is the most touching. Chang’e was Hou Yis beautiful
wife. After Hou Yi shot down the nine suns, a goddess gave him a magic medicine
to thank him. Whoever drank this could live forever, and Hou Yi planned to drink

it with Chang’e. However, a bad man, Feng Meng, tried to steal the medicine when
Hou Yi was not home. Chang’e refused to give it to him and drank it all. She became
very light and flew up to the moon. Hou Yi was so sad that he called out her name
to the moon every night. One night, he found that the

moon was so bright and round that he could see his wife —
there. He quickly laid out her favorite fruits and desserts B 可
in the garden. How he wished that Change could come > & eo

back!

After this, people started the tradition of admiring the
moon and sharing mooncakes with their families.

wy,

3b Read the passage again. Put the events in the correct order.

_____ Feng Meng tried to steal the medicine.

_____ Agoddess thanked Hou Yi by giving him a magic medicine.

_____ Chang’e refused to give Feng Meng the medicine and drank it all.

_ 1 Hou Yishot down the nine suns and saved the people on the earth.
Hou Yi was very sad and watched the moon at night, and wished his
wife could come back.

_____ Asaresult, Chang’e became light and flew up to the sky.

____ How Yi planned to drink the medicine with his wife.

3c Without looking at the passage, try to complete the sentences with the

correct words.

1. People like to a the full moon on Mid-Autumn night.

2. The story of Chang’e is one of many t folk stories.

3. Hou Yi gotam medicine for shooting down the nine suns.
4. Feng Meng wanted to s the medicine.

5. Hou Yil out fruits and desserts in the garden.

@
poccccccccccccce UNIT 2 ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccesceecccsscssscsssesseessesees @

| know that the Water Festival is really fun. What fun the Water Festival is!

| wonder if they'll have the races again How fantastic the dragon boat teams
next year. were!

| wonder whether June is a good time to How pretty the dragon boats were!
visit Hong Kong.
| believe that April is the hottest month in — How delicious the food is in Hong
Thailand. Kong!

4a Write sentences using the words given.

e.g. think/Lantern Festival/beautiful

I think that the Lantern Festival is beautiful.
1. don’t know/whether/he/come home/for the festival

2. believe/Water Festival/most/fun

3. wonder/if/mooncakes/delicious

4. how/exciting/races

5. what/interesting/city

4b Read the passage below and underline the objective clauses. Then
write your own sentences about Mother’s Day and Father’s Day using
objective clauses.

Dear Xia Yu,

Do you know that there are two special days for parents in America? One is
Mother's Day on the second Sunday of May and the other is Father’s Day on

the third Sunday of June. On these two days, American children often give gifts
to their parents or take them out for lunch or dinner. Common gifts are flowers
and cards for mothers and shirts or ties for fathers. I heard that it is becoming
more and more popular to celebrate Mother’s Day and Father’s Day in China. I
wonder if children over there also give similar gifts to their parents. I believe that
there are many ways to show our love. Actually, we don’t have to spend a lot of
money. It is also a good idea to help parents to do something instead.

June

ac Which festival do you like best? Ask your group and report to the class.

e.g. In our group, David's favorite festival is … He thinks that ...

@
e eeccccccccccscee| think that mooncakes are deliciousls。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 UNIT 2 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

Look at the pictures and words related to Halloween.
What do you think this festival is about?

scary dress up haunted house blackcat candy
ghost trickortreat October spider

“tb Listen and answer the questions.

1. Where is Halloween popular?
2. When do people celebrate Halloween?
3. What does Wu Yu think of this festival?

a Listen and fill in the blanks.

1. Many people make their look scary. They may
the lights and light candles. They also put
things like spiders and ghosts around the doors and .
2. Little kids and even parents as ghosts or black cats. They
can also as fun things like characters.
3. Parents take their children the neighborhood to ask for
and treats.
4. “Trick or treat” means kids will a trick on you if you
don’t them a treat.

What do
you think of
Halloween?

I think
it's a fun
festival!

1d What do you think of
Halloween? Discuss your
ideas with a partner.

I guess
it's quite fun.
But I wonder whether
I'd be too scared.

poccccccccccccce UNIT 2 .oo 。

2a Do you know when these special days are? Try to match each day with
the correct date.

Christmas Fourth Thursday in November
April Fool’s Day February 14th

Halloween April 1st

St. Valentine’s Day October 31st

Thanksgiving December 25th

2b Read the passage about Christmas and answer the questions.

1. What are the common things that people think of for Christmas?
2. Who wrote A Christmas Carol?
3. What is the true meaning or spirit of Christmas?

INFERRING

This means you have to
“read between the lines” to
get the meanings that are

not clearly stated in a text.

The Spirit of Christmas

Many would agree that when we think of
Christmas, we probably think of gifts,
Christmas trees and Santa Claus. But behind
all these things lies the true meaning of
Christmas: the importance of sharing and
giving love and joy to people around us. The story in A Christmas Carol is perhaps
the best example of this.

A Christmas Carol is a famous novel written by Charles Dickens. It is about an old
man named Scrooge who never laughs or smiles. He is mean and only thinks about
himself, and doesn’t treat others nicely. He just cares about whether he can make
more money. And he hates Christmas. One Christmas Eve, Scrooge sees the ghost
of Jacob Marley, his dead business partner. Marley used to be just like Scrooge, so
he was punished after he died. He warns Scrooge to change his ways if he doesn’t
want to end up like him. He also tells Scrooge to expect three spirits to visit him.

That night, three ghosts visit Scrooge. First, the Ghost of Christmas Past takes
him back to his childhood and reminds Scrooge of his happier days as a child.
Then the second spirit the Ghost of Christmas Present, takes him to see how

_ others are spending Christmas this year. Everyone is
happy, even poor people. The last one, the Ghost of
Christmas Yet to Come, takes him to the future. He
sees that he is dead but nobody cares. Scrooge is so
scared that he wakes up in his bed and finds out it is
already the next morning on Christmas Day!

He decides to change his life and promises to be a
better person. He happily celebrates Christmas with
his relatives. He also gives gifts to people in need.
He now treats everyone with kindness and warmth,
spreading love and joy everywhere he goes. And that

is the true spirit of Christmas!

s。 eeccccccccceseee| think that mooncakes are deliciousls。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 UNIT 2 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，
2c Read the passage again and complete the chart.

What does Scrooge see when he’s with ...

the Ghost of Christmas Past?

the Ghost of Christmas Present?

the Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come?

2d Answer the questions. Some answers need to be inferred.

1. Why does Scrooge hate Christmas?

2. Does Scrooge have a lot of friends? Why or why not?

3. Why was Jacob Marley punished after he died?

4. Does Jacob Marley want to help Scrooge? How do you know?
5. What does Scrooge do after seeing the three spirits?

2e What else do you know about Christmas? Make a list of things that you
know about this festival with your group. Use the questions to help you.

1 “When i is this festival?

Why do people celebrate it?

Who do they celebrate it with?

Do they eat or drink anything special?

What other things do they do as part of the celebrations?
: Do you know any old stories about this festival?
How do people feel when they celebrate it?

Your English-speaking pen pal wants to know about your favorite
Chinese festival. Make some notes about the festival.

What is the name of the festival?

When is it?

What do people eat?

What do people do?

Why do you like it so much?

poccccccccccccce UNIT 2 cccccccccccccccccccccccccccsccccccscsesessssesssssssessesseeeeee

Write a letter to your pen pal and tell
him/her about your favorite Chinese
festival. Use your notes in 3a.

Dear ..., 1/

My favorite Chinese festival is ... It is
celebrated in/on ...

During this festival, people ... They eat ...
It is my favorite festival because ... It
makes me feel ...

In your letter:

First, introduce the festival and
when it is celebrated.

Then talk about what people

do and eat.

Finally, explain why you like it

best and how it makes you feel.

1 Complete the passage with the words in the box.

chocolate stores.

Many Western countries celebrate Easter. This holiday is always on

4 a Sunday March 22nd and April 25th. It celebrates the
n
garae d birth of new life. Hens eggs, giving birth to life. So an egg
sprea _
P is a symbol of new life. A popular activity during Easter is to hide eggs
between .
treats around your home or for friends or to find.
. These can be real eggs, but they are more often chocolate eggs. Not
business 可
la only do people them around in different hiding places for
4 加 an egg hunt, but they also give out these as gifts. So just
relatives
like Christmas, Easter creates good for supermarkets and

1. The mooncakes are delicious. 1™» How

2 Rewrite these sentences as exclamations.

. The festival will be fun. ™ What

. This concert is boring. ™ How

2.
3
4. I'm really excited. ™ How
§

words + that/whether/if.
I think

. The band played really loud music. ™ What

3 Make sentences about a festival/festivals you like using these

Iknow

I believe

I wonder

@
Could you please tell me
where the restrooms are?

Language Goals:

Ask f fa Where can you do the things below? Match each
sk for

thing with a place in the picture. Many different
information answers are possible.

politely;

Follow directions

——__ iz
7. AMEE
hence

Excuse me, could

you tell me where
?

_b_ get some money ____ get some information about the town
_____ getsome magazines ___ buy anewspaper

_____ have dinner _____ buy some stamps

_____ geta dictionary _____ get a pair of shoes

“4b Listen and complete the conversations in the picture in la.

Make conversations using the information in 1a. Then talk about your
own city.

A: Excuse me, could you please tell me how to get to the bookstore?

B: Sure, just go along Main Street until you pass Center Street. The
bookstore is on your right, next to the bank.

A: Thanks. Do you know when they close today?

B: They close at 7:00 p.m. today.

pocccccccccccccs UNIT 3 cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceecceseceecesscssscsssesssessesees @

2a Listen. You will hear some of the
directions below. Number the directions
in the order that you hear them.

Go to the third floor.
Turn left.
1 Goto the second floor.
Turn right.

The supermarket is between the

flower store and the bookstore.
Go past the bookstore.

2b Listen again. Show how the boy walks to the supermarket. Draw a line
in the picture above.

2c Make conversations about the other places in the picture in 2a.

A: Excuse me, do you know where I can get some postcards?
B: Sure. Go to the second floor. There’s a bookstore between the bank
and the supermarket.

2d Role-play the conversation.

He Wei: This is Fun Times Park — the
biggest amusement park in my
city!

Alice: I’m excited to try the rides!

He Wei: Where should we start? There’s
Space World, Water World,
Animal World...

Alice: Oh, could you tell me where the restrooms are first?

He Wei: Pardon? Restroom? You already want to rest? But we haven’t even
started yet!

Alice: Oh no, I don’t mean a room for resting. I mean ... you know, a washroom
or bathroom.

He Wei: Hmm... so you mean... the toilets?

Alice: Yes! Sorry, maybe the word “restroom” is not commonly used in China.

He Wei: Right, we normally say “toilets” or “washrooms”. They’re just over
there.

Alice: OK. I'll be quick! I wonder when the park closes today.

He Wei: Nine-thirty, so you don’t need to rush!
。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 (Could you please tell me where the restrooms are?。。。。。。。。。 UNITS 。。。。。。。。。。。。。

3a Read the conversation and answer the questions below.

f Fun Times Park — Always a Fun Time!

: [Alice and He Wei are in Space World]

: Alice: I wonder where we should go next.

: He Wei: How about that new ride over there?
: Alice: Oh... it looks pretty scary.

: He Wei: Come on! I promise it’ll be fun! If you're afraid, just shout or hold my hand.

| [After the ride]
: Alice: You were right, that was fun! I was scared at first, but shouting really did
: help.

: He Wei: See, that wasn’t so bad, right? You never know until you try something.
: Alice: Yes I’m so glad I tried it. Now I know I can do it and it’s actually fun!

: He Wei: Do you want to go to Water World now?

: Alice: Sure, but I’m really hungry. Do you know where we can get some good
: food quickly?

: He Wei: Of course! I suggest Water City Restaurant in Water World. It’s a fast

: food place. It serves delicious hamburgers and hot dogs.

: Alice: That sounds perfect!

: [On their way to Water City Restaurant, Alice and He Wei pass by Uncle Bob's. ]

: Alice: Oh, look! This restaurant looks interesting. It seems a rock band plays

: there every evening.

: He Wei: Maybe we can come here for dinner later. Let’s ask what time the band
starts.

: [Alice and He Wei walk up to a staff person at the door.]

: He Wei: Excuse me, could you tell us when the band starts playing this evening?

Staff: Eight o’clock. It’s

: always busy, so 1. Why did Alice not want to go on the new

come a little earlier ride? How did she feel after the ride?

: to get a table. 2. What is special about Uncle Bob’s restaurant?

: He Wei: OK, thanks! Should Alice and He Wei get there early for
po dinner? Why?

3b Underline the questions or statements in the conversation that ask for
information. Rewrite them in a different way.

e.g. I wonder where we should go next.
Could you tell me where we could go next?

3c Find sentences in 3a with similar meanings to the ones below.
1. You'll enjoy it for sure.

2. You need to do something before you know what it’s like.
3. It looks like there’s live rock music there every night.
Excuse me, do you know where | can buy | Sure. There’s a supermarket down the
some medicine? street.

Could you please tell me how to get to | Sorry, I'm not sure how to get there.
the post office?

Can you tell me when the band starts It starts at 8:00 p.m.

playing this evening?

| wonder where we should go next. You should try that new ride over there.
4a Rewrite the AL Where can I buy some grapes or other fruit?

questions to make
them more polite.

2. How does this CD player work?

3. What time does the bank open?

4b What should each
person ask in the
following
situations?

4. How do I get to the Central Library?

| S. Is the Italian restaurant nearby open on Mondays?

1. Tim is very hungry.
Could you tell me where I can get something to eat?
Excuse me, would you mind telling me how I can get to a nearby restaurant?
Pardon me, do you know if there's a restaurant around here?

2. Sally needs to mail a letter.

3. Kevin would like to call his friend.

4. Helen needs to know when the bike shop closes.

5. Ben is wondering if there’s a bank in the shopping center.

ac Write five questions that a tourist might ask about your city. Then role-
play conversations with your partner.

A: Excuse me, could you please
tell me where the nearest
bank is?

B: Sure. You go east along this

Street .…

YR YP
w

。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 (Could you please tell me where the restrooms are?。。。。。。。。。 UNITS 。。。。。。。。。。。。。

What qualities are important for each place? Write
the words from the box next to each place below.
Write the most important words first.

Places Qualities
1. restroom clean,
2. museum
3. restaurant

interesting fascinating
inexpensive quiet

uncrowded big 4. park
beautiful convenient | ~s, subway
safe clean 6. mall

A: The Fine Arts Museum is
really interesting.

Talk about places in your city using the

words in la. B: Yes, and it’s beautiful, too.

a Listen to the conversations and complete the sentences.

Conversation 1

The boyasksabout___———_, and the clerk tells him to go to Green Land.
Conversation 2

The girl asks about , and the clerk tells her to go to the corner of
Market and Middle

Conversation 3

The mother asks about . The father wants to go toa . The
girl wants to go toa . The boy wants to go to a . The older
girl wants to go to an . The clerk tells them to go to the

1a Listen again. Check your answers in 1c.

te Role-play the A: Can you tell me where there’s a good
conversations place to eat?
between the clerk B: Of course. What kind of food do you like?
and the tourists. AD...

pocccccccccccccs UNIT 3 cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceecceseceecesscssscsssesssessesees @

2a Where do you need to make polite requests? Think of some possible
situations. Discuss them with your partner.

2b Read the article and match each paragraph with its main idea.

Paragraph 1 Use more words to help you sound more polite.

Paragraph 2 It is important to know how to make requests politely.

Paragraph 3 Good English speakers need to know how to speak politely.

Paragraph4 The choice of language depends on the situation and the
relationship between the speakers.

ee USING SUITABLE LANGUAGE

Could You Please ...? In different situations, you

need to choose and use
suitable language based on
cultural knowledge.

: When you visit a foreign country, it is

: important to know how to ask for help

: politely. For example, “Where are the

: restrooms?” or “Could you please tell me j
: where the restrooms are?” are similar requests for directions to a place. Both are :
: correct English, but the first one sounds less polite. That is because itisavery |
: direct question. It is not enough to just ask a question correctly. We also need

: to learn how to be polite by being less direct 一 or more indirect 一 when we

: ask for help.

In English, as in Chinese, we change the way we speak when we talk with different ;
: people. The expressions you use might depend on whom you are speaking to or
: how well you know them. If you say to your teacher, “When is the school trip?”,

: this might sound impolite. But if you say, “Excuse me, Mr. West. Do you know j
: when the school trip is?”, this will sound much more polite. However, it is all right:
: to ask direct questions in some situations, like with your classmates. i

: Usually polite questions are longer and include more language such as “Could you
: please ...?” or “Can Iask.…? It sounds more polite to say, “Peter, could you please
: tell me your e-mail address?” than “Peter, tell me your e-mail address.” Sometimes |
: we even need to spend time leading in to a request. For example, with a stranger

: on the street, we might first say, “Excuse me, I wonder if you can help me” or “I’m

: sorry to trouble you, but...” before asking for help.

; Tt might seem more difficult to speak politely than be direct. However, it is important
: to learn how to use proper language. This will also help you become better at English,
; or any other language you wish to speak. ;

Pardon me, could you
please tell me where to
park my car?

Samo nie

Where's the post of fice?

Sure. There's an underground 7
parking lot over there.

。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 (Could you please tell me where the restrooms are?。。。。。。。。。 UNITS 。。。。。。。。。。。。。

Look at the requests and write two more. Describe a suitable situation
for each one. Then make the requests more polite.

Request Suitable situation More polite request
1. “How much did you pay) A team player is asking another | “Could you please tell me how much
for that soccer ball?” —_| team player. you paid for that soccer ball?”

N

. “| want to go to the
library. Where is it?”

. “Where are the
restrooms?”

w

Read the requests below. In the second column, write A if you would
say it to someone you know and B if you would say it to a stranger. In
the last column, write where you think the people are talking.

Request Person Place

1. Will you pass the salt?
2. Do you know what the answer to number 10 is?

3. Do you know where | can change some money, please?
4. Could you tell me what just happened?

5. Would you mind telling me where the nearest station is?
6. Excuse me, do you know what time it begins, please?
7

8

9

1

Let me know when you're ready, OK?

Do you know what time we finish?
. Could you possibly tell me the way to the village school?
0. Would you mind being quiet for a minute?

Imagine you are going on a short study vacation at a school in an
English-speaking country. What would you like to know before you go?
Write some polite, indirect questions about the following topics.

Topic Question
The course you will study
The time of the course
Where and what you can eat
Where you will stay
What activities you can do
Travel to the school
Other

Write a polite letter to the school
asking for the information you want
to know. Use your notes in 3a.
q Dear Sir or Madam,
: I'll be coming to your school soon for a
: short study vacation. I'd like to know more information about your
: school.

In your letter, you should:
+ introduce yourself

+ say when you are coming
+ politely ask for information

+ thank the person for helping you

: I would like to thank you for helping me and I look forward to your
: reply.
; Yours faithfully,

1 Fill in the blanks with the words in the box.

1. A: Could you tell me where the library is?
B: It’s on the of Main and Center Streets.
2. A: |wonder why you don’t wake up earlier in the morning. You're always
ina to get to school on time.
B: Yes, youre right. I need to my time better.
3. A: I want to buy some winter clothes. Could you tell me which place
would be a good for me to go to?
B: I Jenny’s Clothes Store in Century Shopping Mall. It’s
convenient to get to.
4. In many countries, it is often not to ask very
questions when you meet someone for the first time.

2 Write questions and answers using the words given.

e.g. buy a magazine / bookstore on third floor
Q: Could you please tell me where I can buy a magazine?
A: There's a bookstore on the third floor.
1. get some stamps / post office on Green Street
Q:
A:
2. shopping center opens / 10:00 a.m.

A:
3. get to the Japanese restaurant / go along Main Street and turn right on

Lake Street

Q:

A:

@

Lused to be afraid of the dark.

fa Fill in the chart with words to describe people.

Language Goal: Appearance Personality
Talk about what tall outgoing

you used to be straight hair funny
like

Mario, you used to
be short, didn’t you2y

1b Listen. Bob is seeing some friends for the first time in four years. What
did his friends use to look like?

1. Mario used to be . He used to wear
2. Amy used to be . She used to have
3. Tina used to have and hair .

A: Did Mario use to be short?
qc Look at the picture in la B: Yes, he did. He used to be really short.
and make conversations. A: Whats he like now?

B: He’s tall now.

pocccccccccccccs UNIT A cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceccceseeecccsscssscsseesesessesees &

2a Listen and check (W) the words you hear.

friendly outgoing serious
humorous silent active
brave quiet helpful

2b Listen again and complete the chart about how Paula has changed.

In the past Now
1. Paula used to be really . She | 1. Now she’s more interested in
was always silent in class. She wasn’t . She plays
very . She was never brave almost every day. She’s also on the
enough to ask questions. team.
2. She got good grades in . 2. She still plays the from
She was also good in .She time to time.
used to play the

2c Make conversations about
Paula using the information
in 2b.

A: Paula used to be really quiet.

B: I know. She was always silent in class.

2d Role-play the conversation.

Alfred: This party is such a great idea!

Gina: I agree. It’s been three years since we last
saw our primary school classmates.

Alfred: It’s interesting to see how people have
changed.

Gina: Billy has changed so much! He used to be
so shy and quiet.

Alfred: Yeah, his face always turned red when he talked to girls!

Gina: I used to see him reading in the library every day.

Alfred: That’s because he was a really good student. He studied hard and got
good scores on his exams.

Gina: Did he use to wear glasses?
Alfred: Yes, and he used to be thin, too. But look how big and strong he is now!
Gina: Hes so popular now. Look at all the girls around him!

26 1
© eeccccccccccecee| sed to be afraid of the dark.cescccccccvccccccccccccce UNIT 4 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

3a Skim the article and identify
the paragraphs in which the
following information Candy’s advice to young people

appears. Number the Candy’s background
information [1-3].

how Candy’s life has changed

From Shy Girl to Pop Star

1 For this month’s Young World magazine, I interviewed 19-year-old Asian pop
star Candy Wang. Candy told me that she used to be really shy and took up singing
to deal with her shyness. As she got better, she dared to sing in front of her class,
and then for the whole school. Now she’s not shy anymore and loves singing in
front of crowds.

2 Iasked Candy how life was different after she became famous. She explained

: that there are many good things, like being able to travel and meet new people
all the time. “I didn’t use to be popular in school, but now I get tons of attention
everywhere I go.” However, too much attention can also be a bad thing. “I
always have to worry about how I appear to others and I have to be very careful
about what I say or do. And I don’t have much private time anymore. Hanging
out with friends is almost impossible for me now because
there are always guards around me.”

: 3 What does Candy have to say to all those young people

: who want to become famous? “Well,” she begins slowly,
“you have to be prepared to give up your normal life. You
can never imagine how difficult the road to success is.
Many times I thought about giving up, but I fought on.
You really require a lot of talent and hard work to succeed.
Only a very small number of people make it to the top.’

3b Read the article again and complete the sentences about Candy.
1. She used to be shy, but now she’s not shy

2. She used to sing to her shyness, but now she loves singing in
front of

3. She didn’t use to in school, but now she gets lots of attention.

4. She used to with friends, but it is almost impossible now.

5. She didn’t use to about what she says or does, but she is now.

3c Suppose you are the interviewer and your partner is Candy. Ask and
answer questions.

@
pocccccccccccccs UNIT A cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceccceseeecccsscssscsseesesessesees &

| used to be short. | didn’t use to be popular in school.
Paula used to be really quiet. She didn’t use to like tests.

You used to be short, didn’t you? Yes, | did./No, | didn't.

Did he use to wear glasses? Yes, he did./No, he didn’t.

4a Write sentences about the past using used to.

1. Grace / watch a lot of TV / watch a lot of movies

Grace used to watch a lot of TV. She didn't use to watch a lot of movies.
2. My mom / have curly hair / have straight hair

3. Jerry / read books on European history / read books on African culture

4. Sandy / teach British English / teach American English

4b Look at the Five years ago Now
information didn’t eat a lot of vegetables loves carrots and tomatoes
and write listened to pop music enjoys country music
sentences watched scary movies hates scary movies
about Emily. didn’t read a lot of books reads at least six books a year

e.g. Emily didn't use to eat a lot of vegetables, but now
she loves carrots and tomatoes.

ac Which of these things did you use to be afraid of? Which ones are you
still afraid of? Check the boxes and then ask your partner.

Me My partner

My partner My partner is
used to be still afraid of
afraid of ...

lused tobe | I'mstill
afraid of ... afraid of ...

4
soe

the dark
being alone
flying

high places

giving a speech in public

@
© eeccccccccccecee| sed to be afraid of the dark.cescccccccvccccccccccccce UNIT 4 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

fa Check (w) the things you used to like when you
were a child.

PE. class painting pictures music class

ants and other insects

1b What other things did you use to like to do when you were a child?
Write sentences in the box above. Then discuss them with a partner.

Listen and check (w) the sentences you hear.
1. I didn’t use to like tests. 3. Lused to hate P.E. class.

2. We used to walk to school. 4. Lused to be on the soccer team.

Listen again. What do the girl and the boy say about things in the past

and now? Fill in the chart.
In the past Now
__ I didn’t use to like . I don’t worry about
ol We used to to school. | We have to to school.
We used to everyday /We all the time.
Boy | after school.
I used to hate . I P.E. class.

A: Lused to be nervous about
te Compare yourself with your partner. tests all the time. Did you?

B: Yes, I did. And I used to...

pocccccccccccccs UNIT A cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceccceseeecccsscssscsseesesessesees &

2a Tell your partner about a time your parents helped you with a problem.
Make notes about what your partner says.

e.g. didn't use to study hard at school — got bad grades — father helped
her to understand that it was important to do well at school

2b Read the passage and underline the problems that Li Wen used to have.

USING CONTEXT

Using the sentence context
may help you guess and learn
the meanings of new words

and phrases.

He Used to Cause a Lot of Trouble

Li Wen is a normal 15-year-old boy who
works hard in school and gets good grades.
It is hard to believe that he used to be a “problem child” until a conversation with
his parents influenced his way of thinking. Li Wen lives in the Sichuan countryside.
As a small child, he seldom gave his parents any problems, and they were proud of
him. However, , the boy’s life became more difficult. He had to move
in with his grandmother.

Li Wen began to cause problems for himself and his family. He was no longer interested
in studying. He was often absent from classes, and he failed his examinations.
Finally, his parents made a decision to send him to a boarding school. Li Wen no
longer lived with his grandmother. He studied, ate and slept at the school, and he
hated it. There were so many rules, and he used to keep breaking them. One day,
he told his teacher he wanted to leave the school.

The head teacher advised his parents to talk with their son in person. His parents
took a 40-hour train ride and a five-hour bus ride to go back to their hometown.
To Li Wen’s surprise, their conversation changed his life. “It was exactly what I
needed,” he said. “My parents helped me to understand how much they had given
me. They also told me that even though they couldn't be there to take care of me,
they were always thinking of me and would take pride in everything good that I
did. . l realized that since my parents moved away, I’ve been afraid of
being alone, and have tried to make my
parents pay more attention to me.”

. He has been working hard and is
now one of the best students in his class. His
parents’ love has made him feel good about
himself. “It’s very important for parents to be
there for their children,” Li Wen says.

© eeccccccccccecee| sed to be afraid of the dark.cescccccccvccccccccccccce UNIT 4 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

2c Put these sentences into the correct places in the passage.

Missing language

a. Now Li Wen has really changed
b. That’s when I decided to change

c. after his parents moved to Guangzhou to work

d. Even the teacher agreed that Li Wen was wasting his time

Use clues from the passage to help you guess the meanings of the words
in the box.

influence absent boarding school in person

Complete the passage with the proper forms of the words and phrases
in the box.

be proud of/take pride in make a decision/decide not like/hate
nolonger/not...anymore —_ change/influence look after/take care of

Li Wen is a good student, son and grandson. However, he used to cause a
lot of trouble for his parents. When his parents moved to work in another

city, they could not be at home to him. So he was

interested in studying and missed classes. Then his parents
to send him to a boarding school and he
it. In the end, his teacher advised his parents to talk with their son and this
conversation his life. He realized that his parents would
everything good that he did. Now he is one of the best
students in his class.

fF What do you think Li Wen and his parents talked about in their
conversation? Write a conversation and role-play it with your group.
Think of the following things:

+ Possible questions Li Wen might ask his parents
* Questions his parents might ask Li Wen

+ Possible answers from his parents and the boy

Ba Talk with a partner about the changes that have 1. appearance hi
happened to you. Write notes about how you

2. personality
have changed for these three things.

3. hobbies

31)
What did you use to be like? Write about how you have changed. Which
change is the most important one and why?

: Try to write two paragraphs:
1. General introduction about the changes in your life.

i 2. The most important change and how it happened.

How I’ve changed!

My life has changed a lot in the last few years. I used to

Now I'm
The biggest change in my life was
This is the most important change because

1 Fill in the blanks with the correct forms of the words in the box.

silent require absent fail interview _ take pride in
be proud of inperson influence humorous seldom

1. The mother traveled for many hours to return home to talk to her child

2. He used to be a very quiet teenager. He remained most of the

time and talked to other people.

3. Ifyou are always from class, you will the
examinations.

4. The teacher helping his students win the English competition.

5. Her grandparents have had a great on Kate.

6. That British teacher is very .He always tells us interesting jokes.

7. People are usually to give a general self-introduction in a job

8. Tina giving speeches in front of the whole school.

2 What did you use to be like when you were six? Complete these

statements.

Lused to wear

My hair used to be

used to watch

Lused to play

used to be

032)
Language Goal:
Talk about what
products are
made of and
where they were
made

What are the shirts made of?

What are these things usually made of? Match them
with the materials. More than one answer is possible.

Things Materials
1. chopsticks 4. stamp a. wood e. paper
2. window S. fork b. gold f, silk
3. coin 6. blouse c. silver g. glass

Hmmm ... yes,
I think it's quite pretty.
Is it made of silver?

Yes, and
it was made in }
Thailand. 4

“4b Listen and match the products Us Bisco pieces
with what they are made of shirts cotton Korea
and where they were made. chopsticks | silver Thailand

ring steel America

qc Practice the conversation in 1a. Then make conversations using the
information in 1b.

A: This ring looks nice. Is it made of silver?
B: Yes, and it was made in Thailand.

pocccccccccccccs UNITS ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceceescescccsscssscsssesssessesees &

2a Listen and check what Nick and Marcus mainly talk about.

the science museum
the art and science fair

environmental protection
a model plane
a beautiful painting

grass and leaves

2b Listen again. Write short answers to the questions.

1. Where is the art and science fair?
2. Do Nick and Marcus have to pay to go?

Why or why not?
3. What is the model plane made of?
4. What is the painting made from?
5. What is the fair about?

A: What did you see at the

Mak ， ing th art and science fair?
2c e conversations using the PP Leary ox

information in 2a and 2b.

A: What’s so special about it?
B: …

2d Role-play the conversation.

Pam: China is famous for tea, right?

Liu Jun: Yes, both in the past and now.

Pam: Where is tea produced in China?

Liu Jun: Well, in many different areas. For
example, Anxi and Hangzhou are
widely known for their tea.

Pam: Howis it grown?

Liu Jun: Well, it’s planted on the sides of mountains. When the leaves are ready,
they are picked by hand and then are sent for processing.

Pam: What happens next?

Liu Jun: The tea is packed and sent to many different countries and places
around China.

Pam: It seems that Chinese tea is drunk all over the world.

Liu Jun: Yes, people say that tea is good for both health and business!

© eeccccccccccocee What are the shirts made Of2*eeeccecccccccccccccccccce UNIT 5 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

Read the passage. What two things did
Kang Jian want to buy in America? Where
were they made?
The Difficult Search for
American Goods in the US

If you go to another country, what kinds of things :
: would you buy? Would you buy a camera in Japan, some beautiful clothes in France,
: ora watch in Switzerland? No matter what you may buy, you might probably think :
; those products were made in those countries. However, you could be wrong. Kang
Jian is a 17-year-old student from Shanghai. Last year he went to visit his aunt and

: uncle in San Francisco. He found it interesting that so many products in the local shops;
: were made in China. “I wanted to buy a toy car for my cousin, but even though most
: of the toys had American brands, they were made in China.” :

: Toys are not the only things made in China. “I wanted to buy a pair of basketball

: shoes,” he explains. “But I had to visit five or six stores before finding a pair made

: in America!” He realized that Americans can hardly avoid buying products made

: in China. “In fact,” he continues, “there are so many things made in China 一

: footballs, handbags, pet food, mobile phones. Even American flags are made in j
: China!” Kang Jian thinks it’s great that China is so good at making these everyday
: things. However, he wishes that in the future China will also get better at making

: high-technology products that people can buy in all parts of the world.

3b Read the passage and answer the questions.

1. Where did Kang Jian go to visit his aunt and uncle?

2. What did he discover in the toy stores?

3. Why did he have to visit many stores before buying a pair of basketball shoes?

4, What did he realize after his shopping experiences?

5. Why do you think so many products in America are made in China? How
do you feel about this?

3c Read the passage again and write what the underlined words refer to.

1. No matter what you may buy, you might probably think those products were
made in those countries.
those:
those:

2. He found it interesting that so many products in the local shops were made
in China.
it:

3. I wanted to buy a toy car for my cousin, but even though most of the toys
had American brands, they were made in China.
they:

£35 4
pocccccccccccccs UNITS ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceceescescccsscssscsssesssessesees &

Are your shirts made of cotton? _Yes, they are. And they were made in the US.
What's the model plane made of? | Its made of used wood and glass.
Where is tea produced in China? It's produced in many different areas.

How is tea grown? It's planted on the sides of mountains.

Passive voice in the simple present tense
Active: People grow tea in Hangzhou.
Passive: Tea is grown (by people) in Hangzhou.

4a Complete the sentences with the correct forms of the verbs in brackets.

1. Children under 18 (not allow) to watch this show without
their parents.
2. We (pay) by the boss on the last Friday of each month.
3. A: What language (speak) in Germany?
B: Most people speak German, but many can speak English, too.
4. Most of the earth’s surface (cover) by water.
5. The classroom needs to (clean) every day.

4b Rewrite the sentences using the passive voice.

1. Farmers plant the tea on the sides of mountains.

The tea is planted on the sides of mountains by farmers.
2. In China, farmers grow the best rice in the northeast.

3. Careless driving causes many traffic accidents.

4. The postman brings letters and postcards to people’s homes.

5. Our family does not use this silver plate very often.

ac Ask five classmates about something they are wearing or have in their
schoolbags. The list of words below may help you.

A: Whats your pencil made of?
B: It’s made of wood.

A: Where was it made?

B: It was made in Shanghai.

pencil, jacket, sweater,
T-shirt, shoes, cap,

gloves, ring, earrings …

© eeccccccccccocee What are the shirts made Of2*eeeccecccccccccccccccccce UNIT 5 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

Do you know how to fly a kite? What are kites made
of? Write down some materials used in making kites.

Listen to a conversation between Laura and Zheng Yun and circle»
the correct answers.

2. Zheng Yun tells Laura
about:

1. Laura is trying to find out more about:
A. what Zheng Yun did on his vacation.
B. what Zheng Yun thinks about Weifang.

A. akite festival.
B. how to make a kite.

a Listen and write L for Laura or Z for Zheng Yun.

1. Went on a vacation to Weifang

2. Wants to know more about the kite festival

3. Saw many different kinds of kites at the festival
4. Didn't know that kite flying could be so exciting
5. Wants to learn to fly a kite

1a Listen again. Fill in the blanks with what you hear.

1. Weifang is a city in Shandong. It is famous for

2. The international kite festival is held in every year.

3. The competitors at the festival are from .

4. There are competitions for the best kites, the kites or the
kites.

5. Some of the kites Zheng Yun saw were made of . Some were

painted with colorful

1。 A: Where did you go on vacation?
Te Be e-Playa Ce B: I went to an international kite festival.
etween Laura an eng A: That sounds interesting. What did
Yun using the information >
， you see there?
in 1b-1d.

B: .….

Do you do any kind of folk or traditional art, like drawing or painting?
Tell your partner about it.

2b Read the passage and complete the chart below.

MOVING FROM GENERAL TO SPECIFIC

A general introduction of the topic is

: Beauty in Common Things usually followed by specific details and

: Each different part of China has its examples.
: own special forms of traditional art. j
: These usually try to show the things that are important in life such as love, beauty |

: and family. The most common things, from paper to clay to bamboo, are turned
: into objects of beauty.

According to Chinese history, sky lanterns were first used by
Zhuge Kongming. He sent them out to ask for help when in
trouble. Today, sky lanterns are used at festivals and other
celebrations. They are made of bamboo and covered with

paper. When the lanterns are lit, they slowly rise into the air  :
like small hot-air balloons for all to see. They are seen as bright:

symbols of happiness and good wishes.

3 Paper cutting has been around for over

: 1,500 years. Paper cutting sounds very easy but it can be difficult
: todo. The paper, usually red, is folded before it is cut with scissors.

: The most common pictures are flowers, fish, animals, and

: things about Chinese history. During the Spring Festival, they
: are put on windows, doors and walls as symbols of wishes for

: good luck and a happy new year.

Chinese clay art is famous because

the clay pieces are so small but they look very real. The
pieces are usually cute children or lively characters from :
a Chinese fairy tale or historical story. The pieces are :
carefully shaped by hand from a very special kind of

3 clay and then allowed to air-dry. After drying, they are

: fired at a very high heat. They are then polished and painted. Finally, materials

: such as wood or paper are added to make different things. It takes several weeks to

: complete everything. These small pieces of clay art show the love that all Chinese

: people have for life and beauty.

Traditional art form Materials used

© eeccccccccccocee What are the shirts made Of2*eeeccecccccccccccccccccce UNIT 5 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

2c Read the passage again and answer the questions.

1. What do traditional Chinese art forms try to show?

2. What were sky lanterns used for before and what are they used for now?
3. What kinds of pictures are usually found on paper cuttings?

4. How do people use paper cuttings during the Spring Festival?

5. What are the steps for making clay art pieces?

6. Which art form do you think is the most interesting? Why?

2d Complete the sentences using the correct forms of the phrases in the
box.

suchas turn...into sendout coverwith rise into put … on

1. People used to sky lanterns when they were in
trouble. But today, people light the lanterns and watch them
the sky with their wishes.

2. The art of paper cutting a simple thing like a piece
of paper a beautiful piece of art. People often
these art pieces the doors, windows

and walls of their homes to celebrate the Spring Festival.
3. To make Chinese clay art, the clay is shaped by hand into things
cute children or characters from Chinese fairy tales

and stories. They are then paint.

2e Discuss the questions in your group.

1. Which art form do you think is the easiest? Which is the most difficult? Why?
2. Which art form would you like to learn? Why?

3a What are some special things that your hometown or city is famous

for? These can be food, artwork or any other products. Discuss with a
partner and take notes.

What the product is

What it is made of/from

Who it is made by

Where it is made

What it can do/What its features are

Why it is special
3b Write a paragraph about the product. Use your notes in 3a.

Try to use the following language:

My hometown/city is famous for

is famous in my hometown/city.
is made of /from/with/by/in

is used/is known for

is special because

1 List some things you use every day. Write down what they are
made of/from and where they were made.

Things Made of/from ... Made in...

2 Use the information above to write full sentences.

IL,
2.
3.
4.
S
3 Complete the sentences using the correct forms of the words in
brackets.
1. Cheese (make) from milk.
2. Parents and students (invite) to the school concert last
night.
3. The underground parking lot (close) at midnight every day.
4. There is a lot of research on how languages (learn).
5. Some classic films (show) at that cinema last week.

Language Goal:
Talk about the

history of
inventions

When was it invented?

A: I think the TV was
invented before the
car.

B: Well, I think the TV
was invented after

the car.

Look at the things below. In what order do you
think they were invented? Discuss them with your
group. Then number them [1-4] (1 = first, 4 = last).

qc Student B, cover the dates. Student A, ask
Student B when the things in the picture in
1b were invented. Then change roles and
practice again.

A: When was the
telephone invented?
B: I think it was invented

in 1876.

pocccccccccccccs UNIT G cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceccceseeecccssscsscsseesssessesees &

2a Listen and number the inventions [1-3] in the order you hear them.

shoes
with special
heels

shoes
with lights

2b Listen again. Match the inventions with their inventors and uses.

Invention

Who was it / were they
invented by?

What is it / are they
used for?

shoes with special heels

Chelsea Lanmon

serving really cold ice-

cream

Jayce Coziar and Jamie

shoes with lights Ellsworth

seeing in the dark

changing the style of the

hot ice-cream scoop shoes

Julie Thompson

2e Make conversations using the
information in 2b.

A: What are they used for?

B: They’re used for seeing in the dark.

Role-play the conversation.

Paul: Hey Roy, the subject for my school project is
“Small inventions that changed the world.’ Can
you help me think of an invention?

Roy: My pleasure! Let me think ... hmm ... I know!
The zipper!

Paul: The zipper? Is it really such a great invention?

Roy: Think about how often it’s used in our daily lives. You can see zippers on
dresses, trousers, shoes, bags ... almost everywhere!

Paul: Well, you do seem to have a point...

Roy: Of course! I thought about it because I saw a website last week. The
pioneers of different inventions were listed there. For example, it mentioned
that the zipper was invented by Whitcomb Judson in 1893. But at that
time, it wasn't used widely.

Paul: Really? So when did it become popular?

Roy: Around 1917.

© ecccccccccccccee When was it INVented? scerccccccccccccccccccccccccce UNIT G 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

3a Read the passage
quickly and match

each paragraph with
its main idea.

Paragraph 1 Lu Yu and his book Cha Jing

Paragraph 2 How tea spread to other countries

Paragraph 3 How tea was invented by accident

An Accidental Invention

: Did you know that tea, the most popular drink in the world (after water), was

: invented by accident? Many people believe that tea was first drunk nearly 5,000

: years ago. It is said that a Chinese ruler called Shen Nong first discovered tea as

: adrink. One day Shen Nong was boiling drinking water over an open fire. Some

: leaves from a tea plant fell into the water and remained there for some time. It

: produced a nice smell so he tasted the brown water anyway. It was quite delicious. i
: In this way, one of the world’s favorite drinks was invented.

More than 4,000 years later, Lu Yu, “the saint of tea’,
mentioned Shen Nong in his book Cha Jing. The book
describes how tea plants were grown and used to make
tea. It also discusses where the finest tea leaves were
produced and what kinds of water were used.

It is believed that tea was brought to Korea and Japan
during the 6th and 7th centuries. In England, tea didn’t
appear until around 1660, but less than 100 years later,
: it had become the national drink. The tea trade from

: China to Western countries took place in the 19th century. This helped to spread
: the popularity of tea and the tea plant to more places around the world. Even

: though many people now know about tea culture, the Chinese are without doubt
4 the ones who best understand the nature of tea.

1. When was tea first drunk?
Read the passage again 2. How was tea invented?
and answer the questions. | 3. Who is called “the saint of tea”?
4, What is Cha Jing about?

5. When was tea brought to other countries?

3c Complete the sentences with the correct forms of the verbs in the box.

invent 1. One of the world’s favorite drinks was by accident.

drink 2. Tea was first by Shen Nong 5,000 years ago.

bring 3. Anice smell was when the tea leaves dropped into the hot water.
produce | 4. Tea was to Korea and Japan during the 6th and 7th centuries.
trade 5. Tea is now between many different countries.

@
pocccccccccccccs UNIT G cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceccceseeecccssscsscsseesssessesees &

When was the zipper invented? It was invented in 1893.
Who was it invented by? It was invented by Whitcomb Judson.

It was brought to Korea during the 6th
and 7th centuries.

What is the hot ice-cream scoop used for? It's used for serving really cold ice-cream.
Passive voice in the simple past tense
Active: Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone in 1876.

Passive: The telephone was invented (by Alexander Graham Bell) in 1876.

When was tea brought to Korea?

4a Rewrite the sentences using the passive voice.

1. They sold the fridge at a low price.

The fridge was sold at a low price.
2. Somebody stole my camera from my hotel room.

3. Where did you take these photos?

4. Our parents advised us not to go out alone.

5. Different writers translated the book into different languages.

4b Complete the sentences with the correct forms of the verbs in the box.

1. You to the party last night, weren't you? Why didn't you go?
t lock 2. The earthquake all ofa sudden, but luckily the villagers
wk oc toa safe place.
ask he k 3. The door when we arrived, so we the bell.
eld on 4. The students not to eat or drink in class. But Ruby
come 8 the rule when she started eating a biscuit in science class.
5. The cookies by the hungry kids in less than 20 minutes.
Then they for more!

ac Decide whether active or passive forms should be used in these sentences.
Write the correct forms in the blanks.

The telephone (invent) by Alexander Graham Bell. He

(born) in 1847. Alexander (work) on the invention of the
telephone with Thomas Watson. In 1875, Alexander (learn) to
send musical notes through an instrument similar to a telephone. Finally, the
telephone (invent) in 1876. The first sentence that (say)
on the telephone by Alexander was “Mr. Watson, come here; I want to see you.”
Today the telephone (use) around the world.

@
© ecccccccccccccee When was it INVented? scerccccccccccccccccccccccccce UNIT G 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

The words in the box describe how food can taste.
Write them under the correct pictures. Some
pictures have more than one word.

> 局

crispy

sweet crispy

salty sour

1b Write the name of a different food after each word.

sweet _ banana crispy salty sour

cc Listen andCcircle)Tfortrue or F for false.

1. Potato chips were invented by mistake. @) F

2. They were invented in 1863. T

3. The customer thought the potatoes were not
thin enough.

4. The customer said they were not salty enough.

5. George wanted to make the customer happy.

Haan
mmm

6. The customer was happy in the end.

@ Listen again. Complete the sentences.

The History of Potato Chips

Did you know that potato chips were invented by mistake? Potato chips
by a cook called George Crum. They were invented in
. George Crum cut the potatoes really, really

and then cooked them for a long time until they were . And

he put lots of salt on them so they were

A: Did you know potato chips

te Make a conversation about the were invented by mistake?
invention of potato chips. Use the B: Wow, I didn’t know that.
information in 1c and 1d. Who invented them?

AL...

pocccccccccccccs UNIT G cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceccceseeecccssscsscsseesssessesees &

2a List some popular sports and Sports Countries
the countries where each sport
is the most popular.

2b Skim the passage. Which paragraphs are about the popularity of

basketball?
MIND-MAPPING
Changing the information you
Do You Know When Basketball read into a “word tree/map”
Was Invented? may help you remember it

more easily.

Basketball is a much-loved and active sport
that is enjoyed by many for fun and exercise. It is over 100 years old and is played by
more than 100 million people in over 200 countries. In China, you can sometimes
see people playing basketball in parks, schools and even in factories.

Basketball was invented by a Canadian doctor named James Naismith, who was
born in 1861. When he was at college, his teacher asked the class to think of a game
that can be played in the winter. Dr. Naismith created a game to be played inside on
a hard floor. Dr. Naismith divided the men in his class into two teams and taught
them to play his new game. The purpose of the game is for players to get a ball into
the “basket”. Players on the same team must work together to help each other get
the ball in the other team’s basket. At the same time, they need to stop the competing
team from getting the ball into their own basket.

It is believed that on December 21, 1891, the first basketball game in history was played.
Then in 1936 in Berlin, it became an event at the Olympics. Today, the popularity of
basketball has risen around the world, with many young people dreaming of
becoming famous players. Basketball has not only become a popular sport to play,
it has also become a more popular sport to watch.
Although America’s NBA games are the most famous,
the CBA games are becoming popular in China. The
number of foreign players, including Chinese players,
in the NBA has increased. And there are also more and
more foreign players in the CBA. Many young people
look up to these basketball heroes and want to become
like them. These stars encourage young people to work
hard to achieve their dreams.
© ecccccccccccccee When was it INVented? scerccccccccccccccccccccccccce UNIT G 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

ee Complete the mind map with the information in the passage. What else
can you add to the mind map?

BASKETBALL

2d Without looking at the passage, use the mind map to summarize what
you and your partner remember about the development of basketball.
Use these questions to help you.
1. Who invented basketball and why?
2. What is the purpose of the game?
3. When was the first basketball game played in history?
4. Why were the Berlin Olympics important for basketball?
5. What are the professional basketball groups in America and China?
6. What do young people think of the famous basketball players?

2e Would you like to be a famous basketball player? Make a list of good
and difficult things about being a famous basketball player.

It's good to be a famous basketball It's difficult to be a famous basketball
player because ... player because ...

Think of something that you do not like doing. Then think of an
invention that could help you. Make notes.

Problem: quickly taking notes in class

New invention: a special pen
What it is used for:

Price:

3b Imagine you are a businessperson. Write a description of your new
invention. Try to sell the invention to the class.

f This special pen was invented by Liu Jie. It has three colors and is

used for

1 Complete the passage with the correct forms of the words in
the box.

It is often difficult to decide on the inventor of certain inventions.
‘This is because sometimes a few people may things
which are the same. Opinions are then

gic about who came up with the idea first. Some inventions can also
mention | allofa lead to other inventions. So some people
nearly whether the inventor came up with the idea himself
produce or herself. They think that the inventor used someone elses idea
sudden to create his or her invention. That is why books or websites

more than one inventor when giving

usually

information about inventions.

2 Rewrite these sentences using the passive voice.

1. Someone stole my watch.

2. They used five eggs to make this big cake.

3. When did they invent the personal computer?

4. They asked us not to run in the hallway.

5. Someone took the video back to the store.

3 Find out information about one invention and write sentences

below.
Invention:
When:
Who:
Purpose:

@

Teenagers should be allowed
to choose their own clothes.

Language Goals: fa Read the statements below. Circle A for agree or
Talk about what D for disagree.

you are allowed
to do;

Agree and
disagree

No way!
IT don't think
sixteen-year-olds
should be
allowed to drive.
Im worried about

Can I go to their safety,

the shoppin

center with John?
He just got
his driver's

license,

1. Teenagers should not be allowed to smoke.

2. Sixteen-year-olds should be allowed to drive.

3. Students must not be allowed to have part-time jobs.

4. Sixteen-year-olds should be allowed to get their ears pierced.
5. Teenagers should be allowed to choose their own clothes.

>> PPP
whononone)

1b Listen and<circle>T for true or F for false.
1. Anna can go to the shopping center by bus. T
2. Anna wants to get her ears pierced. T 了
3. Anna wants to choose her own clothes. T

A: I don’t think sixteen-year-olds

qc Look at the statements in la and should be allowed to drive.
make conversations. B: Lagree. They aren t serious
enough.

poccccccccccccces UNIT 7 ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccesccccccssssssesseesesessesees 。

2a Listen and check (VW) what Kathy thinks.
Circle) Agrees, Disagrees or Doesn’t know to

show what Molly thinks.
Kathy
1. Sixteen-year-olds should not be Agrees Disagrees = Doesn't know
allowed to work at night.
2. Larry shouldn't work every night. Agrees Disagrees Doesn't know
3. He should cut his hair. Agrees Disagrees Doesn't know
4. He should stop wearing that silly Agrees Disagrees Doesn't know
earring.
5. He doesn’t seem to have many Agrees Disagrees Doesn't know
friends.
2b Listen again. What are 4 It looks cool.
Kathy’s and Molly’s : Young people need to sleep. :
reasons? Number their f He needs to spend time with friends. :

reasons in the correct He needs hime ° do homework.
order. It doesn’t look clean.

2c Make a list of things teenagers
should and should not be allowed
to do. Discuss your list with your
partner.

A: Do you think teenagers should ...?
B: Yes, I .../No, I...

2d Role-play the conversation.

Sandy: I’m really excited about seeing the famous paintings by Picasso.

Wu Lan: Me, too! I’m glad Ms. Guo chose the art museum for our school trip
this year.

Sandy: I’m going to bring my new camera to take lots of photos!

Wu Lan: Oh, no. Ms. Guo says we must not take photos. It’s not allowed in the
museum.

Sandy: That’s too bad! Do you think we might be allowed to take photos if we
don’t use a bright light?

Wu Lan: Hmm... I think they just want to
protect the paintings. So if you don’t
use a light, then it might be OK.

Sandy: Yeah. I think we should be allowed
to do that. I’ll bring my camera

anyway.

@
。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。Teenagers should be allowed to choose their own clothes. **** UNIT 7 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

3a Read the poem aloud and discuss what the title means with your partner.

Mom Knows Best
When I was a tiny baby crying all night, my mom sang to me and stayed by my side
When I was tired and hungry, she gave me food and warm arms to sleep in

When I was two running through the field, she made sure I was safe and kept me from
danger

When I fell and hurt myself, she gave me a hug and lifted me up

When I was seven coughing badly, she said no ice-cream for me

But I talked back loudly, “I should be allowed to eat some! Give it to me now!”
When I was nine watching scary movies, she said itd give me awful dreams
But I shouted back angrily, “I should be allowed to watch it! I'm not a baby!”

When I was a teen going out with friends, she said, “Please be
back by ten!”

But I talked back again — “I should not be told what to do!
I'm seventeen now!”

Now I'm an adult, thinking back to those times
I coughed for days after eating that ice-cream
And had scary dreams after watching that film
I was late for school from staying out past ten

T regret talking back, not listening to Mom

Mom knows best, and for me she wanted only the best!

3b Read the poem again and answer the questions.

1. What did the mom do when the writer was a baby and a small child?

2. Why do you think the writer talked back to his mom when he was seven and nine
years old?

3. How did the writer feel when his mom said “Please be back by ten” when he was a
teenager?

4. After reading the whole poem, how do you think the writer feels about his mom?
3c Think about a time you did something even though your mom or dad
told you not to do it. Share your story with your partner.

e How old were you? ¢ Did you talk back to your mom or dad?
e What happened? © How do you feel about it now?

@
poccccccccccccces UNIT 7 .oo 。

| don't think sixteen-year-olds should be
allowed to drive.

| agree. They aren't serious enough.

Do you think we might be allowed to
take some photos?

| don’t think so. Photo-taking is not
allowed in the museum.

Do you think teenagers should be
encouraged to make their own decisions?

No, | don’t agree with this. Teenagers are
too young to make their own decisions.

Teenagers must not be allowed to have
part-time jobs.

| disagree. They can learn a lot from
working.

4a Rewrite the sentences according to the example.

1. You must clean your bedroom every day.

Your bedroom must be cleaned every day .
2. Parents should encourage teenagers to do social work for their community.

Teenagers
3. Do you think Lucy’s parents might allow her to go to the party?

Do you think Lucy 2
4. Do you think we must keep teenagers away from the Internet?

Do you think teenagers 2
5. Parents should give teenagers chances to make their own decisions.

Teenagers

4b Fill in the blanks with the correct forms of the words in brackets.

f Should teenagers (ask) to move out when they start working? In many 7}
: Western countries, teenagers (allow) to move out at sixteen or ;
: seventeen. Their parents believe that they should (educate) to take

: care of themselves from a young age. This way, when they (start) working

: they can manage their own lives. However, in most Asian societies, the family unit

: is especially strong. So it is not common for teenagers to (move) out.

: Chinese parents believe that it is better for children to live with parents who can
(take) care of them. But the young should then look after their parents
:as they get older. That is why many Chinese adults (continue) to live

4 with their parents.

A: Members shouldbe allowed
to use dictionaries.

ac You and your friend are starting an
English club. Make a list of rules
about what should and should not be
allowed.

@

B: Yes, but they should only use
English-English dictionaries.

。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。Teenagers should be allowed to choose their own clothes. **** UNIT 7 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

fa Read the questions. How often do you do these
things? Write A for always, U for usually, S for
sometimes and N for never.

Do you ever ...

1. get to class late?

2. study with friends?

3. finish a test early?

4. worry about failing a test?

. A: Do you ever get to class late?
1b Talk about your answers in 1a. © you ever 8 ‘
B: Yes, I sometimes get to class late.

1 Listen and circle the things in la that Peter talks about.

1a Listen again. Match these sentence parts.

1. Peter is going to ... _c_. a.take the test.

2. He isn’t allowed to ... ______b. pass the test.

3. Peter wasn't allowedto.. | _—_c. fail a math test.

4. He could... ____._ d. take the test later.
5. He should be allowedto.. | —_e. get to class late.

te Read the statements. Then discuss them with your group.

1. Peter should be allowed to take the test later. A: I think Peter should .…
2. Students need strict rules. B: I don't agree.
3. Parents should not be too strict with teenagers. | C: I think...

poccccccccccccces UNIT 7 .oo 。

2a In your group, discuss

the questions. Are you allowed to make your own decisions

at home? What kinds of decisions?

2b First, look at the title of the passage. Answer “yes” or “no”. Find out
how many in your group agree with you. Then read the passage. Does
your answer change?

LEARNING ACTIVELY

When you learn any new

Should I Be Allowed to Make language, actively use it in
: My Own Decisions? new sentences of your own.

: Many teenagers have hobbies. But sometimes these can get in the way of their

: schoolwork, and parents might worry about their success at school. Teenagers j
: often think they should be allowed to practice their hobbies as much as they want. |
: Do you agree? ;

Liu Yu, a fifteen-year-old boy from Shandong, is ;
a running star. He is on his school team and has :
| always wanted to be a professional runner when :
he grows up. However, his parents won't allow
him to train so much. “Of course we want to

see him achieve his dreams,” says Mr. Liu. “And
we know how much he loves running. My wife
and I have supported every one of his races. We |
: have nothing against running! But we think our :
: son needs to think about other possible jobs. He’s getting older now, so he needs:
: to think about what will happen if he doesn’t end up a professional runner.”

: Liu Yu doesn't really agree. “Well, I think I should be allowed to decide for myself,”

: he says. “My parents have always taught me how important it is to work hard at

: school and enter university. I understand this, but I’m serious about running. It’s

: the only thing I’ve ever wanted to do.”

: His parents believe that Liu Yu should study hard in the evenings so they don’t
allow him to practice running at night. “Maybe he thinks it’s too strict or unfair,”
: says Mrs. Liu. “But we think we're doing the right thing. He needs to spend more
; time on his homework because becoming a professional sports star is a difficult

: dream”

But Liu Yu still disagrees. “I know my parents care about me. They always talk

: about what will happen if I don’t succeed. But I will! I’m a quick runner! I think

: [should be allowed to make this choice myself. Only then will I have a chance to
i achieve my dream.”
。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。Teenagers should be allowed to choose their own clothes. **** UNIT 7 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

2c Read the passage again and answer the questions.

1. What is Liu Yus hobby?

2. What does Liu Yu want to be when he grows up?

3. Why do Liu Yus parents not allow Liu Yu to practice his hobby at
night?

4. Do you think Liu Yu should be allowed to practice his hobby as
much as he wants? Why or why not?

Look in the passage for the words in bold. Then use them actively to
complete sentences of your own.

1. My parents worry about
2. My parents have always taught me how important it is to

. Lam serious about

. [think it is unfair

. [have always wanted to be
. My parents have nothing against
. Ineed to think about what will happen if
. Ineed to spend more time on

oo 说 小 内 小

Discuss the questions with a partner. Use the information in the
passage to support your opinion.

What is your dream? Do your parents support your dream?

With a partner, discuss at least one rule at home that you do not agree
with. Why do you not agree with it? Make some notes in the chart.

How you think the rule

Rule Why you don’t agree with it prouniuerenanged

Write a note to your parents. In your note, explain which rule(s) you
do not agree with at home and why. Tell them how you think the rule
should be changed.

Dear Mom and Dad,

I do not agree with

If I _L think I should be allowed to

I would like to .
Could I if I ?
Love,

1 Match the words in the two boxes and choose five phrases to
make sentences.

get photos

take ears pierced

do my dream
achieve part-time work
make shopping

go a choice

2 Complete the sentences using the correct forms of the words in
brackets. Translate them into Chinese.

1. No matter how many difficulties we have, I believe all problems can

(solve) in the end.
2. Mobile phones should (keep) off during the
meeting.
3. Teenagers under 18 must (not allow) to smoke or
drink.

4. Many parents think learning from books must
(put) first, so teenagers should (not encourage) to

work part-time.

Language Goal:

Make inferences

It must belong to Carla.

correct columns in the chart.

Clothing

Fun things

fa Look at the picture. Write the things you see in the

Kitchen things

hat

volleyball

plate

1b Listen and match

each person with

a thing anda
reason.

Person Thing Reason

Jane’s little brother | volleyball | J. K. Rowling is her favorite writer.
Mary toy truck She loves volleyball.

Carla magazine “| He was the only little kid at the picnic.
Deng Wen book She always listens to pop music.
Grace CD He loves rabbits.

4c Practice the conversation in the

picture above. Then make

conversations using the information

in 1b.

A: Whose book is this?

B: It must be Mary’s. J. K. Rowling

is her favorite writer.

2a Bob and Anna founda Things in the schoolbag /
schoolbag at the park. Listen 1. T-shirt
and write down the things in 2.
the schoolbag. 3,

2b Listen again. Fill in the blanks.

1. The person go to our

school. Use “must” to show that you think
2, The person be aboy. something is probably true.
3. It be Mei’s hair band. Use might or could ‘0 show that

一 一 you think something is possibly true.

+ The hair band ___belong to Use “can’t” to show that you are

Linda.

almost sure something is not true.

S. It be Linda’s schoolbag.

A: Look! There’s a schoolbag here.

2c Make conversations using the B: What’s inside?

information in 2a and 2b.

A: There’s a T-shirt, …

2d Role-play the conversation.

Linda: Mom, I’m really worried.

Mom: Why? What’s wrong?

Linda: I can’t find my schoolbag.

Mom: Well, where did you last put it?

Linda: I can’t remember! I attended a concert yesterday so it might still be in
the music hall.

Mom: Do you have anything valuable in your schoolbag?

Linda: No, just my books, my pink hair band and some tennis balls.

Mom: So it can’t be stolen.

Linda: Oh, wait! I went to a picnic after the concert. I remember I had my
schoolbag with me at the picnic.

Mom: So could it still be at the park?

Linda: Yes. I left early, before the rest of my friends. I think somebody must
have picked it up. I'll call them now to check if anybody has it.
. occccccccccccccelt must belong to Carla.cesseeerecccccccccccccccccccce UNIT 8 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

Read the article and decide
which might be the best title.

A. A Small and Quiet Town
B. Strange Happenings in My Town
C. Animals in Our Neighborhood

We live in a small town and almost everyone knows each other. It used to be very °
: quiet and nothing much ever happened around here. However, these days, some-

: thing unusual is happening in our town. Victor, a teacher at my school, is really

: nervous. When he was interviewed by the town newspaper, he said, “Every night

: we hear strange noises outside our window. My wife thinks that it could be an

: animal, but my friends and I think it must be teenagers having fun. My parents

: called the policemen, but they couldn't find anything strange. They think it might

: be the wind. I don’t think so!”

: Victor’s next-door neighbor Helen is worried, too. “At first, I thought that it might :
: bea dog, but I couldn't see a dog, or anything else, either. So I guess it can’t be a

: dog. But then, what could it be?” One woman in the area saw something running

: away, but it was dark so she is not sure. “I think it was too

big to be a dog,” she said. “Maybe it was a bear or a wolf.”

Everyone in our town is feeling uneasy, and everyone has

his or her own ideas. There must be something visiting

the homes in our neighborhood, but what is it? We have

no idea. Most people hope that this animal or person will
simply go away, but I do not think that is going to happen. |
The noise-maker is having too much fun creating fear in the :

neighborhood.

3b Read the article again and find words to match the meanings.

Nervous or worried

Young people

Person in the next house
Area where people live
Animal like a very large dog
Person who makes noise

Read the article carefully and write what people think about the strange

noises.
Who gave opinions? What are the opinions?
Victor’s wife She thinks that it could be an animal.

Victor and his friends
The policemen

Helen

One woman in the area
The writer himself

pocccccccccccccs UNITS .oo 。

Whose volleyball is this? It must be Carla’s. She loves volleyball.

It could be Meis hair band. Or it might belong to
Linda. They both have long hair.

I'm not sure, but it can't be a dog. It was bigger. |
think it might be a bear or a wolf.

Whose hair band is this?

What did you see that night?

4a Choose the best way to complete each sentence using the words in

brackets.
1. A: Where’s Jean?
B: I’m not sure. She (is / might be / must be) in the laboratory.
2. A: Everyone is going to the pool after school.
B: Really? It (must be / can’t be / could be) hot outdoors.
3. A: That’s the phone.
B: Hmm. I wonder who it (must be / could be / should be).
4. A: | wonder if these are Jim’s glasses.
B: They (can’t be / might be / could be) his. He doesn’t wear
glasses.
5. A: [hear water running in the bathroom.
B: It (could be / must be / can’t be) Carla. She was thinking of

taking a shower.

4b Complete these responses.

1. A: Many people are wearing coats.
B: The weather must be

2. A: Sally has been coughing a lot.
B: She might be

3. A: There’s very loud music coming from the apartment next door.

B: The neighbors must be
4, A: Whenever I try to read this book, I feel sleepy.
B: It can’t

ac Look at this picture of a room. How much can you tell about the person
who lives here? Is it a boy or a girl? What are his/ her hobbies? Discuss
your ideas with a partner.

A: It could be a girls room because it’s very tidy.
B: I guess so. But it might be a boy’s room
because the clothes look like boys’ clothes.

. 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。|t must belong to Carla.cesseseeecccccccccccccccccccce UNIT 8 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

Look at the pictures. Then use the words in the box
to write a sentence about each picture.

land man UFO run alien runafter

a. A UFO is landing.

b.

C

Listen and number the pictures [1-3] in 1a. Then write two or three
sentences to finish the story.

1c Listen again. Complete the sentences.

They see ... The man says ... The woman says ...
1. aman running. he could be he might be
2. something in the sky. | it could be it must be
3. something strange. it must be I must be
4. awoman with a camera. | she could be they must be

1d Role-play a conversation between the man and the woman.

A: Why do you think the man is running?
B: He could be running for exercise.

A: No, he’s wearing a suit. He might be running to catch a bus to work.

pocccccccccccccs UNITS .oo 。

2a Match each linking word or phrase with its purpose.

Linking word or phrase Purpose of linking word or phrase

so expressing a difference

as, because, since giving a choice

but, however, though | expressing a result

not only ... but also expressing two things happening at the same time
or giving reasons

when, while adding information

Skim the article below and underline the sentences with linking words
or phrases. Do you think you have made correct matches in 2a?

IDENTIFYING LINKING LANGUAGE

Identifying conjunctions or phrases
that link ideas together will help
you understand what you read.

Stonehenge — Can Anyone
Explain Why It Is There?

Stonehenge, a rock circle, is not only one
of Britain’s most famous historical places, but also one of its greatest mysteries.
Every year it receives more than 750,000 visitors. Especially in June, people go to
this place as they want to see the sun rising on the longest day of the year.

For many years, historians believed Stonehenge was a temple where ancient leaders
tried to communicate with the gods. However, historian Paul Stoker thinks this
can’t be true because Stonehenge was built so many centuries ago. “The leaders
arrived in England much later,” he points out.

Another popular idea is that Stonehenge might be a kind of calendar. The large
stones were put together in a certain way. On midsummer’s morning, the sun
shines directly into the center of the stones. Other people believe the stones have
a medical purpose. They think the stones can prevent illness while keeping people
healthy. “As you walk there, you can feel the energy from your feet climb up your
body,” said one visitor. No one is sure what Stonehenge was used for, but most
agree that the position of the stones must be for a special purpose. Some think it
might be a burial place, or a place to honor ancestors. Others think it was built to
celebrate a victory over an enemy.

Stonehenge was built slowly over a long period of time. Most historians believe it
must be almost 5,000 years old. One of the greatest mysteries is how it was built
because the stones are so big and heavy. In
2001, a group of English volunteers tried to
build another Stonehenge, but they couldn't.
“We don’t really know who built Stonehenge,”
says Paul Stoker. “And perhaps we might never
know, but we do know they must have been
hardworking — and great planners!”

. occccccccccccccelt must belong to Carla.cesseeerecccccccccccccccccccce UNIT 8 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

2c Read the article again and complete the chart.

Mysteries about Stonehenge | What Stonehenge might have been used for ...
Who built it?

2d Complete the sentences using the words from the chart in 2a on page 62.

1. Midsummer’s morning is in June a lot of people go to
Stonehenge during this month.

2. The sun rose thousands of people were standing around
the stones.

3. The sun shines straight into the center of Stonehenge the
stones were put in a special position.

4. Some people think the rocks can stop people becoming
ill can keep them healthy.

5. We don’t know who built Stonehenge how it was built.

6. Historians are not sure they think Stonehenge was built
about 5,000 years ago.

2e Can you think of any other mysteries, either in China or another part
of the world, that are similar to Stonehenge? What do you know about
these mysteries? What is mysterious about them? Discuss them with
your group.

Ba Read through the article in 3a on page 59 again. What do you think the
noise could be? List all your ideas. See who in your group can come up
with the most imaginative explanation.

What could the noise be? | Why do you think that?

Look at this newspaper headline and finish the article about the strange
happenings.

1 Fillin the blanks with must, might or can’t.

No More Mystery in the Neighborhood

Last week, in a quiet
neighborhood, something

strange happened ... First part: background information
We now know what was about the mystery

happening in the Second part: how the mystery was
neighbourhood ... solved

Now the mystery is solved.

People in the neighbor-

hood...

1. That bright light be a UFO — there’s no such thing!

2. I’m still waiting for the bus, so I be a bit late for the party.

3. That sweater be Carla's. Shes the only one who wears such
colorful clothes.

4. Tony want to go to the concert. He likes music, but I’m not

sure if he likes rock music.
5. The person you saw at the supermarket be Susan. I just

talked to her on the phone and she’s at work.

Look at the chart and write sentences for the things below.

Name Likes Dislikes
Jessica take photos run
Todd play the piano eat sweet food
Matt play tennis watch movies
Annie read cook

e.g. DVD It can't be Matt's. He doesn't like to watch movies.
1. bowl of ice-cream

. camera
. cookbook
. tennis ball

. running shoes

nab wd

Section”

da What kind of music do you like? Look at the
picture and circle >the sentences you agree with.

Language Goal: Then write your own sentence.

Express

preferences
Your sentence: I like music that

T love music that I ¥
__can sing along

T like music that
isn't too loud.

4p) Listen and check (w) the kinds of music Tony and Betty like.

Music that | can Music that has great | Music that | can sing
dance to lyrics along with

Tony

Betty

A: What kind of music do you like?
B: like music that I can sing along with.

4c) Make conversations about the
music, movies or books that

lik What about you?
you like.

A: I prefer music that has great lyrics.

pocccccccccccccs UNIT cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceseeeccessccsscsseesssessesees @

2a Listen and ‘circle T for true and F for false.

_ 1. Carmen likes musicians who play different

kinds of music. T F
| 2. Xu Fei likes the Australian singer

Dan Dervish. T F
3. Carmen likes electronic music that’s loud. T F
4. Xu Fei prefers groups that play quiet and

slow songs. T 了

2b Listen again. Complete the sentences.
About The Modern About Dan Dervish

1. [prefer groups that play 3. Ilike musicians

Xu Fei says :
quiet and slow songs.

2. Llove electronic music 4. Ilike musicians
Carmen says 一 一 一

2c Make conversations using the A: Does Xu Fei like The Modern?
information in 2a and 2b. B: No, he doesn’t. He prefers ...

2d Role-play the conversation.

Jil: What are you doing this weekend, Scott?

Scott: Not much. I suppose Ill just listen to the new CD I bought.

Jil: Oh, what CD is this?

Scott: Well, it’s all music. There’s no singing. I like smooth music that can relax
my mind after a long week at work.

Jill: — Sounds nice. Well, if you have spare time, do you want to watch a movie
with me?

Scott: Hmm, depends which movie. I only like
movies that are funny. I just want to laugh
and not think too much. You know what I - A
mean?

Jil Oh, in that case, I’ll ask someone who likes
serious movies.

Scott: What’s the movie about?

Jill: It’s about World War II and the director
is famous. I prefer movies that give me

something to think about.
© eeccccccccceseee| like music that! can dance to, seeeecccccccccccccccccce UNIT 9 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

Read the passage. Underline the different kinds of movies and

Ccircle>the movie names.

What Do You Feel Like Watching Today?

While some people only stick to one kind of movie, I like to watch different
kinds depending on how I feel that day.

When I’m down or tired, I prefer movies that can cheer me up. Comedies
like Men in Black or cartoons like Kungfu Panda have funny dialogues and
usually have a happy ending. The characters may not be perfect, but they
try their best to solve their problems. After watching them, I’m filled with
hope again and the problems I have suddenly seem less serious. Laughing
for two hours is a good way to relax!

I don’t watch dramas or documentaries when I’m sad or tired. Dramas
like Titanic make me feel even sadder. Documentaries like March of the
Penguins which provide plenty of information about a certain subject can
be interesting, but when I’m tired I don’t want to think too much. I don’t
mind action movies like Spider-Man when I’m too tired to think. I can just
shut off my brain, sit back and enjoy watching an exciting superhero who
always saves the world just in time.

Once ina while, I like to watch
movies that are scary, like horror
movies or thrillers. Movies like The
Ring or The Shining can be fun, but
I’m too scared to watch them alone.
I always bring a friend who isn’t
afraid of these kinds of movies.

Read the passage again and answer the questions.

1. How does the writer describe each kind of movie?

2. What kinds of movies does the writer prefer to watch when he or she is sad
or tired?

3. How does the writer feel after watching these movies?

4. Does the writer like horror movies? When does he or she watch them?

What kinds of movies do you like to watch? Complete the chart.

When I'm... | | like/prefer to watch movies that/which ... | Examples (movie names)

happy

sad

tired

bored

pocccccccccccccs UNIT cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceseeeccessccsscsseesssessesees @

| love music that/which | can sing along

What kind of music do you like? with.

She prefers groups that/which play quiet
and slow songs.

| prefer movies that/which give me
something to think about.

What kind of musicians does Carmen | She likes musicians who play different
like? kinds of music.

What kind of groups does Xu Fei like?

What kind of movies do you like?

4a Choose words from the different columns to make sentences.

funny/comfortable/
I/You/ | like(s)/ fed goa that/ inexpensive/slow/
He/She/ | love(s)/ | PeoP er music which/ | is/are | sweet/salty/loud/
We/They| prefer(s) actors/singers/ who interesting/
7 movies intelligent

RYN

4b Read Jennifer’s CD review. Then complete the sentences using that,
which or who.
Eee
jennifer@pep. com.cn |

It’s “Dance, Dance, Dance”. :

The music is great because you can dance to it. You can take this
CD to a party. Also, these musicians write their own lyrics.

Some songs are too long. Some of the singers don’t sing the
words clearly.

T=)

1. It’s the kind of music

2. It’sa CD

3. She likes musicians

4. She doesn’t like the songs
5. She likes singers

ac Make conversations about things | 4: What kind of food do you enjoy?
you like and dislike. B: I enjoy food that is sweet.

@

© eeccccccccceseee| like music that! can dance to, seeeecccccccccccccccccce UNIT 9 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

Fill in the chart. Write names of your favorite band,
book and movie.

Band

Book

Movie

Listen and write the three things that Michael likes in the first column

of the chart.
What Michael likes Why he likes it
jacket He likes clothes that are unusual.

He likes writers

He likes movies

a Listen again. Write why Michael likes each thing in the second column

of the chart in 1b.
。 。 ， A: [like movies that are sad. I
1d Discuss your favorite things in la love Titanic
with your group. Say why you like B: Oh, I don't. I like movies

each thing. that are scary. I really like .…

pocccccccccccccs UNIT cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceseeeccessccsscsseesssessesees @

2a How many Chinese musical instruments do you know? Do you know
some famous music pieces that are played on these instruments? Make
a list with your partner.

2b Read the passage and answer the questions.

1. Which musician does the reading passage mainly talk about?
2. What is the name of his most famous piece of music?
3. How does the writer feel about this piece of music?

NOTING SUPPORTING DETAILS

These can be examples, reasons,
Sad but Beautiful opinions or other detailed
information in each paragraph.

Last night one of my Chinese friends
took me to a concert of Chinese folk
music. The piece which was played on the erhu especially moved me. The music

was strangely beautiful, but under the beauty I sensed a strong sadness and pain.
The piece had a simple name, “Moon Reflected on Second Spring”, but was one of
the most moving pieces of music that I’ve ever heard. The erhu sounded like it was
crying, and I almost cried along with it as I listened. Later I looked up the history of
“Moon Reflected on Second Spring”, and I began to understand the sadness in the
music.

The music was written by Abing, a folk musician who was born in the city of Wuxi
in 1893. Just one year later, his mother died. Abing’s father taught him to play
many musical instruments, such as the drums, dizi and erhu, and by age 17, Abing
was known for his musical ability. However, after his father died, Abing’s life grew
worse. He was very poor, caught a serious illness and became blind. For several
years, he had no home. He lived on the streets and played music to make money.
Even after Abing got married and had a home again, he continued to sing and play
in the city streets. He performed in this way for many years.

Abing’s amazing musical skills made him very popular during
his lifetime. By the end of his life, he could play over 600 pieces
of music, many of which he wrote himself. It is a pity that only
six pieces of music in total were recorded for the future world
to hear, but his popularity continues to this day. Today, Abing’s
“Moon Reflected on Second Spring” is a piece which all the
great erhu masters play and praise. It has become one of China’s
national treasures. Its sad beauty not only paints a picture of
Abing’s own life but also makes people recall their deepest
wounds from their own sad or painful experiences.

© eeccccccccceseee| like music that! can dance to, seeeecccccccccccccccccce UNIT 9 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

Read the passage again and use suitable words to complete the main idea
of each paragraph. Then list the supporting details in each paragraph.

Paragraph Main idea Supporting details
I was by a piece of The music was beautiful but sad.
1 music named “Moon Reflected

on Second Spring.”

2 Abing lived a very life.

Abing’s musical skills made him
very .

2d Circle that or who and fill in the blanks with the words in the box.
Abing played music (that/who) could touch the hearts of people. When

we listen to his music, we can both the beauty and the sadness
in it. It makes us think about the and (that/who)
we have experienced in the past. For this reason, many him as

the musician (that/who) has greatly influenced erhu music. So it is really a
that not many pieces of his music were recorded.

2e Student A is a foreign visitor who
is interested in Abing and his
music. Student B is a Chinese
student who knows about Abing.
Use the information in the passage
to make a conversation.

A: What kind of musical instruments
did Abing play?
B: He could play many instruments,

but he is best known for playing
the erhu.

3a What kind of music or movies do you like best? What is your favorite
song/movie? Make notes in the chart below.

Favorite kind of music/movie
Why | like this kind of music/movie

Favorite song/movie

Why | like this song/movie

How this song/movie makes me feel

Why | think others should listen to/watch this
song/movie

Use your notes to write an article for a newspaper or magazine to
tell people about your favorite kind of music/movie and your
favorite song/movie.

My favorite kind of music/movie is because
T like music/movies which
My favorite song/movie is
It was written by/The actors are

. I think this song/movie is

because

. When I listen to/watch it, I feel
. I think you should listen to/

watch it too because

1 Fill in the blanks with the words in the box.

P| 1. The comedy has of which are very
; plenty humorous
; suppose j ，
| dialogues ， 2. Since you prefer music that is relaxing, I don’t you
! time 1 would want to buythis music CD.
! war ' 3, Christmas isa for spreading joy, so you should
electronic ， some time to spend with your family and friends.
! actor i 4, Although he is an who does not have much
i SP are oe! experience, he did an excellent job in the new film.

2 Fill in the blanks with who or that/which.

1. The restaurant wants to find people are friendly to work
there.

2. My friend May loves serious movies make her think.

3. Our teacher likes students hand in their homework on time.

4. The young children prefer music they can sing and dance to.

5. We know a place where you can buy clothes are smart but
inexpensive.

3 Complete the sentences about yourself.
1. I don’t like music
2. enjoy spending time in places
3. Ihave friends
4. [like movie stars

@
Language Goals:
Talk about
customs and
what you are
supposed to do

Youre supposed to shake hands.

fa What do people do when they meet for the first
time? Match the countries with the customs.

Countries Customs
1. Brazil
2._b the United States a. bow
& Japan b. shake hands
4. Mexico c. kiss
5. Korea
一 一 一 一 一 ~ JW 二 ， =a”
In your country, what are you You're supposed to |
supposed to do when you meet ( shake Send
ss someone for the first time? :
一 一 一 ————|

1b Listen and check your answers in la.

4c Make conversations about A: What are people in Korea supposed to
what people in different do when they meet for the first time?
countries do when they meet | 8: They’re supposed to bow. How about
for the first time. Talk about in the United States?
the countries in la or other A: In the United States, they re expected

countries.

to shake hands.

poccccccccccccce UNIT 10 ccccccccccccccccccccccccccceccecceeceeesccsscsssesseeseseseesees @

Maria is an exchange student. Last night she had dinner at an American
friend’s house. Listen and check (w) the mistakes Maria made.

Maria’s mistakes
arrived late
ate the wrong food
greeted Paul’s mother the wrong way
wore the wrong clothes

2b Listen again. Fill in the blanks.

1. Maria was supposed to arrived at 7:00, but she
2. In Maria’s country, when you're invited for 7:00, you're expected to

3. When Maria met Paul’s mom, she was supposed to .
4. Maria should ask what she is supposed to if she
is invited to a party next time.

2c Role-play a conversation between Maria and Dan. Use the information in
2a and 2b.

Dan: How was the dinner at Paul’s house last night?
Maria: Well, it was OK, but I made some mistakes. I was
supposed to arrive at 7:00, but...

2d Role-play the conversation.

Katie: How was the welcome party for foreign students last night?

John: Great! I made some new friends. But a funny thing happened.

Katie: What?

John: I met a Japanese boy called Sato, and as soon as I held out my hand, he
bowed.

Katie: That’s how people in Japan are expected to greet each other. It’s impolite
if you don’t bow.

John: I didn’t know that. So I just stood there with my hand out. Finally, I
returned the bow.

Katie: I remember when I first met Marie last
year, I did the same thing. I held out
my hand and to my surprise, she kissed
me on both sides of my face!

John: I wouldn’t mind that!

Katie: Very funny. Later I found out French
people are supposed to kiss when they

see each other.

. 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。YoU re supposed to shake hands. *eeeecesceeccccccccces UNIT 10 eeeeeseeeeeeeeei

Read the following opinions of a Colombian and a Swiss student. In

which country is it OK to be 15 minutes late for dinner?

Where I’m from, we're
pretty relaxed about
time. We don't like to
rush around, so we
don’t mind if people are a little late
sometimes. If you tell a friend you're
going to their house for dinner, it’s OK
if you arrive a bit late. We like to enjoy
our time slowly. We value the time we
spend with our family and friends in
our everyday lives. We often just drop
by our friends’ homes if we have time.
We don’t usually have to make plans

to meet our friends. When we see
each other, it’s polite for boys to shake
hands and for girls to kiss each other
on the side of the face. We often just
walk around the town center, seeing as
many of our friends as we can!

Teresa Lopez
Cali, Colombia

Ideas and customs about ...

\ \ In Switzerland,
Mare LeBlanc it’s very important
. to be on time.
Lausanne, Switzerland We're the capital

of clocks and watches, after all! If
someone invites you to meet him or
her at noon, then you're expected to be
there at noon. If you're even 15 minutes
late, your friend may get mad. So I
make an effort to be on time when I
meet my friends. I always leave the
house early to avoid heavy traffic. I
don’t mind because I think it’s impolite
to keep others waiting. Also, we
never visit a friend’s house without
calling first. We almost always make
plans to see friends. We usually plan
to do something interesting, or go
somewhere together.

Read the passage again and complete the chart.

Colombia Switzerland

being on time

visiting a friend’s house

making plans with friends

Teresa is late and Marc is mad.

Role-play a conversation. Student A is Teresa and Student B is Marc.

A: Hi, Marc. Sorry I’m a little late.
B: Teresa, you're 10 minutes late!

A: It’s just 10 minutes! It’s no big deal!
B: Well, in Switzerland, you're supposed to ...

poccccccccccccce UNIT 10 ccccccccccccccccccccccccccceccecceeceeesccsscsssesseeseseseesees @

What are you supposed to do when you You're supposed to shake hands.

meet someone for the first time? You're not supposed to kiss.

When were you supposed to arrive? | was supposed to arrive at 7:00.

Am | supposed to wear jeans? No, you're expected to wear a suit
and tie.

Is it impolite to keep others waiting? Yes, it's very impolite to keep others
waiting.

ls it important to be on time? Yes, it's important to be on time.

4a Complete the sentences with the phrases in the box.

1. When you go abroad, it bring your passport.
2. After class, students clean the chalk off the
blackboard.
be supposed to 3. If you visit the northern coast of Norway during the winter
be expected to season, it pack warm clothes.

beimportantto 4. If there are people in the meeting room, you
knock before entering.
5. In many eastern European countries, you take

off your gloves before shaking hands.

4b Fill in the blanks with the correct forms of the words in brackets.

q Each country has different rules about social situations. A traveler 3
(not expect) (know) all of these, but it is helpful
(learn) as many of these customs as possible. Trying (understand)
how people think is one of the best ways to be accepted and liked in a foreign
| country Learning what you (suppose) to do and
(not suppose) to do in social situations may be difficult, but it is worth the trouble

; if you want to understand another culture.

Make a list of advice for someone coming to your country as an exchange
student for the first time. Work with your group to give advice about:

+ time + what to do for someone's birthday
«meeting people _« visiting someone’s home
+ table manners + giving gifts

《DB
© eecccccccccsoees VOUTC supposed to shake hands, seecccccccccvcccccccccs UNIT 10 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

w

How much do you know about table manners
around the world? Take the following quiz.
Circle» T for true or F for false after each sentence.

Mind your manners!

. In India, you're supposed to eat with your
hands. T 了

. In China, you're not supposed to stick your
chopsticks into the food. T 了

. In Korea, the youngest person is expected to
start eating first. T F

. In France, you're supposed to put your bread
on the table. T F&F

5. In China, it’s impolite to use your chopsticks to
hit an empty bowl. T 了

“tb Tomorrow Steve is going to China as an exchange student. His Chinese
friend Yang Ming is telling him about the table manners in China. Listen
and number the pictures in the order Yang Ming talks about them.

a Listen again. Match these sentence parts.

_____ 1. You're not supposed to... a. stick your chopsticks into your food.

____ 2, It’s impolite to ... b. point at anyone with your chopsticks.

____ 3. You shouldn't... c. start eating first if there are older people
at the table.

1d Talk about other table manners in your | 4: We're supposed to...
country. B: Yes, and it’s impolite to ...

poccccccccccccce UNIT 10 ccccccccccccccccccccccccccceccecceeceeesccsscsssesseeseseseesees @

What do you know about customs in foreign countries? What do you
think is the biggest challenge when visiting a foreign country?

e.g. My cousin went to America, and she said that learning basic table

manners was her biggest challenge. She never knew what she was
supposed to do at the dinner table.

2b Read the letter and answer the questions.

1. Why is Wang Kun in France?

2. Does she enjoy staying with her host family? How do you know?

3. How does she feel about making mistakes when she speaks French?
4. What is the biggest challenge she is facing?

REVIEWING

Taking notes or summarizing the main
ideas can help you move language from
your short-term to long-term memory.

Dear Laura,

Thanks for your message. Yes, I’m
having a great time on my student
exchange program in France. I was a bit nervous before I arrived here but there was
no reason to be. My host family is really nice. They go out of their way to make me
feel at home. The grandmother knows that I miss Chinese food a lot. So she actually
learned how to make Chinese food! She also has a teenage granddaughter about my
age. She’s really kind and she always talks to me in French to help me practice. You
wouldn't believe how quickly my French has improved because of that. I’m very
comfortable speaking French now. Although I still make lots of mistakes, it doesn’t
worry me like it used to.

My biggest challenge is learning how to behave at the dinner table. As you can
imagine, things are very different from the way they are at home. For example,
youre not supposed to put your bread on your plate. You’re supposed to put

it on the table! I thought that was pretty strange at first, but now I’m used to

it. Another example is that you’re not supposed to eat anything with your hands
except bread, not even fruit. You have to cut it up and eat it with a fork. Another
thing is it’s impolite to say that you're full. If you don’t want any more food, you
should just say, “That was delicious.” Also, you're not supposed to put your elbows
on the table. I have to say that I find it difficult to remember everything, but I’m
gradually getting used to it. I don’t find French

customs so strange anymore. J Vv w , 8
I'll write again soon and tell you more about _ & |
my life in France. Hope youre having a good 13 NS
school year. wil 所 y he

J i
Yours, j | — i | \

Wang Kun

. 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。YoU re supposed to shake hands. *eeeecesceeccccccccces UNIT 10 eeeeeseeeeeeeeei

2c Read the sentences and replace the underlined words with the phrases
in the box.

1. Making mistakes in French used hi

to make Wang Kun nervous. went out of their way

2. It was quite hard for her to feel_ be comfortable (doing)

good about speaking French. gradually gotten used to being

3. The host family tried very hard to (something) worry (someone)
help Wang Kun.

4. Wang Kun has slowly learned how to be like a French person.

2d Review the passage and make notes about French customs in the chart.

Dos Don'ts

You're expected to put your bread | You're not supposed to put your
on the table. bread on your plate.

2e Compare the table manners in France and China in your group. How
are they the same or different? Make a list.

eg. In France, people put their bread on the table. But in China, we always
put our food ona plate or in a bowl and never on the table.

3a An exchange student from a foreign country is coming to stay in your
home. Take notes on what he/she is supposed to do and not supposed

to do.
Table manners It's polite/impolite to ...
House rules You're supposed/not supposed to ...

Going out with people | You should ...

Write a letter to the exchange student to give him/her advice and
suggestions on how to behave properly.

Dear 0

You must be excited about coming to China soon. Let me give you some
suggestions about staying in my home and some advice about China. When
you're eating at the table, it's impolite to

In our house, you're supposed to

tt tt

When you go out with your friends or other people, you should

Best wishes,

r Have a safe trip, and I look forward to meeting you soon!

1 Fill in the blanks with the words in the box.

1. In many countries, it is impolite to show up at someone's

house for the first time with hands. You should

oe always bring a small gift.

| worth ， 2. Billy embarrassed himself ast night at a fine-dining restaurant

i capital because he didn’t know table manners.

| 机 3. Itis spending the time to learn about the customs
| — of a country before you go there. That way, you will know what
i mad you are supposed to do in different situations.

knocking | 4. The is always the worst in the city. Itis

ree important to allow for more time if you are traveling by car.
S. Sandy went into her sister’s room without on the
door. That made her sister .

2 Think about your culture and make statements.
In my culture,

you're supposed to

you're not supposed to

you're expected to

it’s impolite to

it’s important to

@

Unit 11

Sad movies make me cry.

Look at the two restaurants below. Which would
you like to go to? Why?

Language Goals:

Talk about how
things affect you

Listen and fill in the blanks. Then match the restaurants with the

statements.
Th ict ke Am
The Rockin’ Restaurant © ___ Pictures make “my
The soft makes Amy
Th i kes Amy
The Blue Ocean © ___muste makes amy
The soft music makes Tina

qe Role-play a coversation between Amy and Tina.

Amy: I’d rather go to Blue Ocean because I like to listen to
quiet music while I’m eating.

Tina: But that music makes me sleepy. I want to have the
hamburgers at Rockin’ Restaurant.

poccccccccccccce UNIT 1] cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceecceeceeccesscessesseessseseesees @

2a Listen and number the pictures [1-4] in the order you hear them.

2b Listen again. Complete the statements.

1. Waiting for Amy drove Tina

2. Amy said loud music made her .
3. Loud music makes John

4. The movie was so sad that it made Tina

5. Sad movies don’t make John cry. They just make him .

2c Look at 2a and 2b. Role-play a conversation between Tina and John.
Use the example to begin your conversation.

John: Did you have fun with Amy last night?

Tina: Well... yes and no. She was really late.

2d Role-play the conversation.

Nancy: Hey Bert, I think I’ve made Alice mad
and I’m not sure what to do about it.

Bert: What happened?

Nancy: You know Julie is Alice’s best friend,
right?

Bert! Uh-huh.

Nancy: Well, the more I got to know Julie, the
more I’ve realized that we have a lot in common. So we’ve been

spending more time together lately.

Bert: But what’s wrong with that?

Nancy: Umm... it makes Alice unhappy because she thinks Julie is now better
friends with me than with her.

Bert: I see. Mmm... why don’t you ask Alice to join you each time you do
something with Julie? Then she won't feel left out.

Nancy: Oh, good idea! That can make our friendship stronger.
© eecccccccceseees Saq movies make ME Cly.ceeccecccccccccccccccccccccce UNIT 11 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

Read the first part of the story and 1. Can medicine help the ill king?
answer the questions. Why or why not?

2. Why does power not make the

How to Be Happy prime minister happy?

3. Why does money not make the
A long time ago, ina tich and peaceful country, banker happy?
there lived an unhappy king. He slept badly and 4. Why does fame not make the
didn’t feel like eating. His face was always pale as -
chalk. He often cried for no reason. This made singer happy?

the queen and his people worried.

One day, a doctor was called in to examine the king. But he found nothing wrong
with his body. “It’s all in his mind. Neither medicine nor rest can help him. What
he needs is the shirt ofa happy person to wear. That'll make him happy.”

The prime minister was called to the palace. But when they explained the king’s
situation to him, he said, “Although I have a lot of power, it doesn’t make me
happy. I’m always worried about losing my power. Many people are trying to
take my position.’

Then, the king’s banker came to the palace. “Oh, I’m afraid I’m not happy either,”
he said. I have a lot of wealth, but I’m always worried about
losing my money. Someone tries to steal my money every
day.’

Next, the palace singer came to the king’s room. But this is
what he said: “It’s true that I’m famous and everyone loves
my songs. But I’m not happy because I’m always worried
about being followed by others. I cannot be free!”

Finally, the king’s top general was told to go out and find a
happy man in three days’ time.

@ AA 55 555555555555) @

Find phrases from the story with similar meanings as these phrases.

. did not want to

. asked to come in

. look carefully at

. having less influence

. get someone's job

. come after someone

ac Role-play the story with your group.
The loud music makes me nervous.

Money and fame don't always make people happy.

Soft and quiet music makes people relaxed.
|
|

She said that the sad movie made her feel like crying.

4a Think of appropriate words for the blanks. Then compare your choices
with your partner.

Dear Diary, June 29th
I thought today was going to be really bad. To start with, it was cloudy and

grey, and cloudy days make me . And this was the day we would get
our exam results back, but I didn’t answer the exam questions very well last
week. That made me . [walked to school with my best friend Holly.
She didn’t say much to me. That made me a little .In class, the teacher
handed back our exams. That made me . But I found out that I didn’t
do too badly. That made me very . Then things got even better. Holly
bought me my favorite lemon juice and turkey sandwich for lunch, and we
talked a lot. That made me . We both did quite well on the exam.

4b How do these things make you feel? Write about your feelings.

e.g. When I read about endangered animals, it makes me feel worried about
the future.

1. Pollution

2. Heavy traffic

3. People who cancel a meeting at the last minute

4. Loud music

ac Complete the survey. Then ask two other students.

What makes you ...? You Student 1 Student 2
happy
want to cry
uncomfortable
angry
nervous

feel like dancing

A: What makes you angry?
B: When people throw rubbish on the streets, it makes me angry.
C: Me, too. It makes me want to tell them to clean up the streets.

© eecccccccceseees Saq movies make ME Cly.ceeccecccccccccccccccccccccce UNIT 11 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

Look at the possible endings to the story about the
unhappy king. Do you think any of these is the right
one? If so, which one?

a. The general cannot find a happy person and the king

remains unhappy forever.

b. The general finds a happy person with power, money and
fame.

c. The general realizes he is a happy person and gives his shirt
to the king to wear.

d. The king suddenly becomes happy without the shirt of a
happy person.

What are some other possible endings to the story? Discuss your ideas
with your partner and write them down.

a Listen and check (w) the things that happened in the rest of the story.

The general searched for three days and found a happy person.
The general could not find a happy person.

The general saw a poor man on the street.

The poor man was a happy man.

The poor man gave the general a shirt.

1a Listen again. Answer the questions.
1. Why was it difficult for the general to find a happy person?

2. What was the poor man doing on the street?

3. What made the poor man so happy even though he had no power, money
or fame?

4. Do you think the general will return to the king with the poor man’s shirt?
Why or why not?

te Do you agree with the poor man’s thoughts about happiness? Discuss
your ideas with your group. Then role-play the rest of the story.

b 85)
poccccccccccccce UNIT 1] cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceecceeceeccesscessesseessseseesees @

Have you ever made a mistake? How did it make you feel? Talk to your
partner about what happened.

2b Skim the story and number the events in the correct order.

机 RECOGNIZING IDIOMS AND PHRASES
The Winning Team Knowing the meanings of idioms

: Peter kept his eyes on the ground and and verb phrases can improve your
: felt a heavy weight on his shoulders English.

: as he walked home alone. It was the j
: worst day of his life. His mind would not stop thinking about what happened only :
: just an hour ago on the school soccer field. How could he have missed scoring :
: that goal? He had let his whole team down. His stupid mistake made him angry.

: His team lost the game because of him. He was really worried that his coach may

: kick him off the team.

: As soon as he walked through the door, his father asked, “What’s wrong, son?”

: Peter’s feelings were written all over his face. “I lost the game,” Peter replied. Then :
: he went into his room without another word. Ten minutes later, Peterheardhis  :
: father knocking on his bedroom door. He opened the door to let him in.

: “Look, Peter. I don’t know what happened. But whatever it was, don’t be too hard  :
: on yourself.” j

“T lost the game, Dad. I failed my team. They’ll probably never let me play again.”

: “Soccer is about team effort. You're not the only reason your team lost. If you have

: a good team, you should support each other. Besides, winning or losing is only half
: the game. The other half is learning how to communicate with your teammates and
: learning from your mistakes.”

Peter didn’t say anything but what his father said made him think carefully.
; The next day, Peter went to soccer practice with courage rather than fear in his heart.

“Hey, guys,” he said to his teammates. “I’m really sorry about yesterday. We were
: so close to winning that game. But I think if we continue to pull together, we're

: going to win the next one.”

: To his surprise and relief, his teammates all nodded in agreement.

: “Yeah,” they said, “don’t worry about it. It’s never just one person’s fault. We

: should think about how we can do better next time.’

: Peter smiled. It made him feel lucky to know that he was on a winning team.

Peter got home and went to his room.
Peter talked to his teammates.

Peter missed a goal.

Peter’s father gave him advice.

Peter realized that he had been worried for no reason.

© eecccccccceseees Saq movies make ME Cly.ceeccecccccccccccccccccccccce UNIT 11 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

2c Read the story again and answer the questions.

1. Why did Peter feel angry and worried?
2. What kind of advice did Peter’s father offer to his son?
3. Do you agree with Peter’s father? Why or why not?

4. What happened after Peter told his teammates that he was sorry?
5. Why did Peter think that he was on a winning team even though they

lost the last game?

2d Find idioms or phrases from the story to replace the underlined parts
of these sentences.

1. He could not believe that he did not get the ball into the basket.

2. She was worried because she had disappointed her parents.

3. Tony was sad that he was asked to leave the team.

4. You should learn to relax and not put so much pressure on yourself.

5. The teacher told the students to work hard together and not give up.

2e Role-play a conversation between Peter and his father.

Father: What’s wrong, Peter? You look sad.
Peter: I missed scoring a goal. I made my team lose the game.

Father: ...

Think of some experiences that made you feel very happy or sad. Tell
your partner about them. Here are some ideas.

¢ winning/losing a competition

e getting good/bad grades on an exam

performing something well/badly in front of a big group of people
© getting into a fight with your best friend

° your first trip outside your hometown
ye ccccccccccccos UNIT 11 .oo
3b Write a story similar to the one in 2b using your notes in 3a.

In your story, explain the following:
What happened?

When did it happen?

Where did it happen?

Why did it make you feel sad/happy?

What did you learn from the experience?

1 Put the words in the appropriate place in the chart.

Positive Negative
nervous unhappy
uncomfortable worried
comfortable relaxed
angry awful
happy uneasy

2 Write sentences using the words given.
e.g. sad movies/cry
Sad movies make me cry.
1. speaking in front of many people/nervous

2. not knowing anyone at a party/uncomfortable

3. soft piano music/relaxed

4. rainy days/stay at home and watch TV

3 Number the things [1-6] (1 = least important, 6 = most
important). Write six sentences about your choices.

fame power friendship

wealth health family

e.g. Fame is not very important. It can make me nervous if too many
people follow me around.

Unit 12

Life is full of the unexpected.
Look at the pictures. 7 |

What happened to
Language Goal: the girl?
Narrate past

events

tb Listen to Tina talking about her morning. Complete the sentences.

1. By the time I got up, my brother already
in the shower.

2. By the time I got outside, the bus already

3. When I got to school, I realized I my
backpack at home.

. _ A: What happened?
1c Take turns being Tina. Look at B: I overslept. And by the time I

the pictures above and talk about

got up, my brother had already
what happened this morning.

gotten in the shower.

os。 UNIT 12 cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceeeceeeesccesscssscsseessseseesees @

Listen to Tina continue her story. Number the pictures [1-4] in the
correct order.

Fill in the blanks with the correct forms of the verbs in brackets. Then
listen again and check (w) your answers.

1. When I (get home), I realized I (leave) my keys
in the backpack.

2. By the time I (get) back to school, the bell (ring).

3. By the time I (walk) into class, the teacher (start)
teaching already.

Make up an ending for the story The teacher looked at Tina and...
and share it with your partner.

Role-play the conversation.

Matt: Why were you late for class today, Kevin?

Kevin: My alarm clock didn’t go off! I kept sleeping, and
when I woke up it was already 8:00 a.m.!

Matt: Oh, no!

Kevin: So I just quickly put on some clothes and rushed out
the door.

Matt: You didn’t eat breakfast?

Kevin: No, I didn’t even brush my teeth or wash my face! But
before I got to the bus stop, the bus had already left.

Matt: Then how did you get here?

Kevin: Luckily, Carl’s dad saw me on the street and gave me a lift in his car.

Matt: Well, at least by the time you got to school, the class had only started for

five minutes.

@
e eeccccccccceocee| ite js full of the Unexpected.。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 UNIT 12 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

3a Read the passage and answer the questions.

1. Which two events does the writer mention?
Life is full of the unexpected. 2. How did the writer end up missing both events?
In May 2001, I found a job in New
York at the World Trade Center. On September 11, 2001, I arrived at my building at

around 8:30 a.m. I was about to go up when I decided to get a coffee first. I went
to my favorite coffee place even though it was two blocks east from my office. As I

was waiting in line with other office workers, I heard a loud sound. Before I could

join the others outside to see what was going on, the first plane had already hit my
office building. We stared in disbelief at the black smoke rising above the burning

building. I felt lucky to be alive.

Almost 10 years later, I woke up at 10:00 a.m. on February 21, 2011 and realized
that my alarm never went off. I jumped out of bed and went straight to the airport.
But by the time I got to the airport, my
plane to New Zealand had already taken
off. “This is the first holiday I’ve taken

in a year, and I miss my plane. What bad
luck!” I thought to myself. The other
planes were full so I had to wait till the
next day. The next morning, I heard about
the earthquake in New Zealand the day
before. My bad luck had unexpectedly
turned into a good thing.

3b Find words from the passage with opposite meanings to the words
below. Then write a sentence with each word.
1. west:
2. dead:
3. below:
4. lost:
5. empty:

3c Retell one of the events to your partner. Use these words and phrases
to help you.

stare indisbelief take off unexpected burn above

alive _ till/until arriveat be about to even though

e.g. On September 11, 2001, I arrived at my...
os。 UNIT 12 cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceeeceeeesccesscssscsseessseseesees @

When | got to school, | realized that | had left my backpack at home.

When | woke up, it was already 8:00 a.m.

Before | got to the bus stop, the bus had already left.

| was about to go up to my office when | decided to get a coffee first.

As | was waiting in line with the other office workers, | heard a loud sound.

4a Make sentences using by the time or before.

e.g. Tim went into the bathroom. Tina got up.
By the time Tina got up, Tim had already gone into the bathroom.
1. The coffee became cold. I put cream in the coffee.

2. The teacher collected the math homework. I got to school.

3. I completed the work for my boss. The workday ended.

4. The movie started. Iarrived at the cinema.

5. My mother finished making the apple pie. I got home from my language course.

4b Fill in the blanks with the correct forms of the words in the box.

1. By the time I arrived at the party, everyone else already

2. When he put the noodles into a bowl, he realized he to add the
green beans.

3. By the time my mother came back from the market, I already

out the door to go for my piano lesson.

4. Before she got to the airport, she about the earthquake.

5. When she the e-mail invitation, she remembered she had
forgotten to invite Dale.

6. Before she got a chance to say goodbye, he the building.

ac Write two true statements and one false statement about your day
yesterday. Your classmates then guess the false statement.

1. By the time I left for school in the morning,
2. By the end of the school day,
3. By dinner time, I

@

e eeccccccccceocee| ite js full of the Unexpected.。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 UNIT 12 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

fa Put these words in the correct columns in the chart.
(Some words can go in more than one column.)

Nouns Verbs Adjectives
(people, places, things) | (action words) (description words)
fool fool embarrassed

invite
embarrassed
get up
empty
realize

clock

stay up

Tell your partner about something _Last Friday night, my friend
that happened to you recently. invited me to his birthday party.
Use two or more words in la. On Saturday, I got up late and...

Dave, Nick and Joe are talking about April Fool’s Day. Listen and write
each person’s name under the correct picture.

Listen again. Who says each of the phrases below? Write D for Dave, N

for Nick and J for Joe.
1. D — acostume party 4. was tired
2. my alarm went off S. really embarrassed
3. stayed up all night 6. the other kids showed up
A: Whath dtoD
fe Tell the April Fool’s Day stories in A 7 ET ween
he information in 了
your group. Use the info B: Well, a friend invited him to
1c and 1d.

a costume party...

os。 UNIT 12 cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceeeceeeesccesscssscsseessseseesees @

2a Have you ever played jokes on others, especially on April Fool’s Day?
Have you ever been fooled by others? Tell your story to your partner.

2b Read the passage quickly. Then match each paragraph with the main
idea.

Paragraph 1 ~The most famous trick played
Paragraph 2. Examples of funny stories that happened on April Fool’s Day

Paragraph 3 An introduction to April Fools Day

Paragraph 4 Asad story that happened on April Fools Day

USING BACKGROUND KNOWLEDGE

Carefully reading the first sentence
in each paragraph can activate your
own knowledge of the topic and
help you guess what the whole text
is about.

April Fools Day is a celebration that takes
place in different countries around the
world. It happens on April Ist every year
and is a day when many people play all
kinds of tricks and jokes on each other.

One April Fool’s Day, a reporter in England
announced that there would be no more spaghetti because the spaghetti farmers in
Italy had stopped growing spaghetti. Many people ran to their local supermarkets to
buy as much spaghetti as they could. By the time people realized that the story was a
hoax, all of the spaghetti across the country had been sold out. Another famous trick
in England was when a TV show reported the discovery of special water. They said
this water would help people lose weight and that one customer had already lost a lot
of weight in just four months. By the end of the day, more than 10,000 people had
phoned the TV station to find out how to get this water.

Many April Fool’s jokes may end up being not very funny. A famous TV star once
invited his girlfriend onto his show on April Fools Day. He asked her to marry
him. The lady was so happy because she really wanted to get married. However,
when she said “yes”, he replied, “April Fool!” That little joke didn’t have a very
happy ending. The TV star lost both his girlfriend and his show.

One of the world’s most famous tricks, however, happened in October rather than
April. In that month in 1938, actor Orson Welles announced on his radio program
that aliens from Mars had landed on the earth. He
described where they had landed and told how
they were moving across the United States. Welles
made it sound so real that hundreds of people
believed the story, and fear spread across the
whole country. By the time police officers
announced that the story was a hoax, thousands

of people had left their homes.

. 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。|Life is full of the unexpected.cseeccesccecccccccccccooee UNIT 12 eeeeeseeeeeeeeei

2c Read the passage again and answer the questions.

1. Why did the supermarkets run out of spaghetti one April Fool’s Day?

2. What did the TV show say that the special water could do?

3. Why did the TV star’s joke have a bad ending?
4. When did Orson Welles tell people about aliens from Mars landing on the earth?
bs, Why did so many people believe Orson Welles? i
: 6. Which of these stories is the most believable? Which is the least believable? Why?
: 7. Would you be fooled by any of these stories? j

2d Fill in the blanks with the correct forms of the verbs in brackets.

1. After the spaghetti story (appear) in the news, everyone
(rush) to the supermarkets.
2. By the time people (find out) the story was not true, all the
spaghetti in the supermarkets (disappear).
3. By the time the day (end), more than 10,000 people
(call) the TV station to ask about the special water.
4. By the time the show (end), the TV star (lose)
his girlfriend.
5. By the time police officers (tell) the country that the story
was a hoax, many people (run away).

2e Tell your funny story from 2a to the class. The class will vote for:

Z . A: What’s your story?
a. the funniest joke ; B: Well, last year, on the first day of

: b, the most embarrassing joke : school, my sister put a piece of

4 c. the most creative joke j paper on my back that said “Please
" sennenannananannmnansananansnssnsntetsnsmsmnsascnsnsitl , say hello.” All morning at school ...

Ba Can you remember a lucky or an unlucky day? What happened? Make
some notes about what you remember.
What was the date?
What happened first?
Was this unlucky or lucky? Why?
What happened next?
How did the day end?
How did you feel about this day?

Write a story about your lucky or unlucky day and tell your story to a
partner or the class.

My lucky/unlucky day

T will always remember the date . This was the luckiest/
unluckiest day of my life.

When I woke up that morning,
Later that day,
I couldn't believe
Then/After that,

Finally,

I think

®) @) @) @) @ @) @) @) ®@ @)

What a lucky/an unlucky day!

1 Complete the passage with the correct forms of the words in

the box.
Oo Last Saturday after my French I decided to drive
;， block i to the to buy a meat for dinner. As
! course : Iwas heading , Lsaw a huge truck
j discovery j the road. There had been an accident and there were many
! lady ' police around. So [had to turn around and take
officer | the longer way to the market. By the time I got to the market, the
market | pie shop had already closed. However, I noticed a new bakery
pie | the pie shop which was still open.Iwent inside
west | andbought a sandwich from the friendly who
above

was the owner. It turned out that the sandwich was delicious so I

had made a great !

2 Think of ways to finish the answers.

1. Why didn’t you hand in your science homework?
Before I could start working on it,

2. Why didn’t you take a shower this morning?
By the time I got up,
3. Why did you have to walk home from school?
By the time I left my school,

Were trying to save the earth!

Here are some words related to different kinds of
pollution. Write them in the box below. Then add

Language Goal: more words.

Talk about

pollution and loud music cars rubbish planes

environmental littering ships factories smoking
building houses _ mobile phones

protection

noise pollution air pollution water pollution

tb Listen and complete the sentences.

What was the problem? The river was . Even the bottom of the
river was full of . There was no more

for fishermen to catch.

What caused the problem? | People are in the river. Factories are
into the river.

How should the problem be | We should write to the and ask them

solved? to the factories. Everyone should
the river.

Role-play the conversation. Then make your own conversations about
the kinds of pollution in 1a.

Mark: The river was dirty. Even the bottom of the river was full of rubbish.
Tony: But it used to be so clean!
Mark: Yes, but people are littering in the river.

Tony: Everyone in this town should play a part in cleaning it up!

os。 UNIT 13 cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceeeceseeescesscessssseeseseseesees @

Listen to the interview. Circle) the kinds of pollution that Jason and
Susan talk about.

A. waste pollution B. air pollution C. noise pollution _D. water pollution

2b Listen again and complete the sentences.

1. The air is badly polluted because there are on the road
these days.

2. Factories that burn coal also the air with a lot of black
smoke.

3. There is also too much rubbish and waste. People
things away every day.

4. People are also in public places like parks. This turns
beautiful parks into ugly places.

2c Use the information in 2a and 2b to role-play conversations between
Jason and Susan.

Jason: The air has become really polluted around here.
I'm really getting worried.

Susan: Yes, I used to be able to see stars in the sky.

Jason: The problem is that .…

2d Role-play the conversation.

Interviewer: Jason and Susan, what are your ideas for solving these problems?

Jason: Well, to cut down air pollution, we should take the bus or subway
instead of driving.

Susan: Yeah, or ride a bike. Other advantages of bike riding are that it’s
good for health and it doesn’t cost anything!

Interviewer: Great ideas! What about waste pollution?

Susan: Mmn, I think simple things like bringing
a bag to go shopping can help. I started
doing that a year ago.

Jason: Me, too. Also, I never take wooden
chopsticks or plastic forks when I buy
takeaway food. I use the ones at home.

Susan: And remember to throw rubbish in the
cans and keep public places clean and
beautiful for everyone.

Interviewer: So together, our actions can make a
difference and lead to a better future!

@
. scccccccccccccce We're trying to save the earth! ecccccccccccccccccccccce UNIT 13 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

Discuss the questions with a 1. Have you ever seen a shark?
partner. 2. What do you know about sharks?

@ Read the passage. Complete the fact sheet below.

: Many have heard of shark’s fin soup. This

: famous and expensive dish is especially

; popular in southern China. But do you realize
: that you're killing a whole shark each time

; you enjoy a bowl of shark’s fin soup?

: When people catch sharks, they cut off their
: fins and throw the shark back into the ocean.
: Without a fin, a shark can no longer swim

: and slowly dies. This method is not only cruel, but also harmful to the

: environment. Sharks are at the top of the food chain in the ocean’s ecosystem. If

: their numbers drop too low, it will bring danger to all ocean life. Many believe

: that sharks can never be endangered because they are the strongest in their food

: chain. But in fact, around 70 million sharks are caught and traded in this industry |
: every year. The numbers of some kinds of sharks have fallen by over 90 percent in
: the last 20 to 30 years. j

: Environmental protection groups around the world, such as WildAid and the
: WWE are teaching the public about “finning”. They have even asked governments
: to develop laws to stop the sale of shark’s fins. So far, no scientific studies have
: shown that shark’s fins are good for health, so why eat them? Help save the sharks!

i Where shark’s fin soup is popular 3
* Number of sharks caught and traded every year f

How much the numbers of some kinds of sharks have
fallen in the last 20 to 30 years

Two environmental groups which are against finning

3c Read the passage and fill in the blanks with the words in the box.

1. Many people do not realize they are killing a whole shark
they enjoy a bowl of shark’s fin soup.

2. Sharks are at the top of the food chain, if their numbers
F., h drop, the ocean’s ecosystem will be in danger.
村 ough | 3. Many think that sharks are too strong to be endangered, they
ne are wrong.
ih 4. there are no scientific studies to support this, a lot of
er people believe that shark’s fins are good for health.
5. Sharks may disappear one day we do not do something to

stop the sale of shark’s fins.

@
os。 UNIT 13 cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceeeceseeescesscessssseeseseseesees @

We're trying to save the earth. Present progressive
The river used to be so clean. used to

It was considered the nicest river in town. Passive voice

The air has become really polluted. Present perfect

We should help save the sharks. Modal verbs

4a Fill in the blanks with the correct forms of the verbs in brackets.

Interviewer: you ever (take) part in an environmental project?

Ken: Yes, I have. I (help) with a Clean-Up Day last year. It was
(consider) the biggest clean-up project this city ever
(have).

Interviewer: How many people (take) part?

Ken: I (think) more than 1,000 people (come) to help out.

Interviewer: That’s fantastic! I guess everyone in this city is (try) to improve

the environment.

Ken: Yes, everyone should (play) a part in keeping the city clean.

4b Fill in the blanks with the appropriate modal verbs from the box.

When it comes to saving the earth, people think that big

things be done. However, many forget that saving the earth
can begins with small things. For example, you save electricity
would by turning off the lights when you leave a room. You also use
coud paper or reusable bags instead of plastic bags. In some stores, you now

V

Shere pay for plastic bags. I think this is a great idea. And instead
net of driving to school or work, you ride your bike or walk. If
may/might it’s far, you take the bus. All these small things add

up and become big things that improve the environment.

We cannot afford to wait any longer before taking action!

ac In your group, make a list of things that people can do to help the
environment and present
them. The class can agree use public transportation
or disagree with you.

A: We think that everyone should use public transportation.
B: We disagree. It’s difficult for parents with young children to use public transportation...

. scccccccccccccee We're trying to save the earth! ecccccccccccccccccccccce UNIT 13 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

stop riding in cars

recycle books and paper

fa Saving endangered animals is one thing we can do
for our world. What else can we do to help save the
planet? Rank these items from the easiest (1) to the
most difficult (5).

turn off the lights when you leave a room

turn off the shower while you are washing your hair

don’t use paper napkins
Compare your answers in A: Recycling paper is really easy.
la with a partner. B: L agree. But it’s hard to stop riding in cars.

1 Listen and check (w) the things that Julia and Jack talk about.

Things Julia and Jack talk Things Julia is
about doing now

Things Julia will
do in the future

Things Julia
would never do

V_ turning off the lights

turning off the shower

not using paper napkins

taking your own bags
when shopping

not riding in cars

riding a bike

recycling paper

Listen again. Check (w) the things that Julia is doing now, the things
she will do in the future and the things she would never do.

fe Make a conversation using the information in 1c. Say what is true for you.

A: We really shouldn't use paper napkins, you know.
B: I know. I stopped using them last year.

@®
os。 UNIT 13 cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceeeceseeescesscessssseeseseseesees @

Look at the title and the pictures in 2b. Can you guess what the passage
is about?

2b Read the passage and complete the chart below.

UNDERSTANDING PREFIXES AND

Rethink, Reuse, Recycle! SUFFIXES
Do you often throw away things you Recognize how prefixes and suffixes
don’t need anymore? Have you ever may change the meanings of words

thought about how these things can
actually be put to good use? Nothing is a
waste if you have a creative mind.

and how they are used.

You have probably never heard of Amy Hayes, but
she is a most unusual woman. She lives in a house
in the UK that she built herself out of rubbish.
The windows and doors come from old buildings
around her town that were pulled down. The top
of the house is an old boat turned upside down.
And the gate in front of her house is made of
rocks and old glass bottles. Amy recently won a
prize from the Help Save Our Planet Society. The president said, “Amy is an
inspiration to us all.”

prawn
Amy isn’t the only one who is good at recycling.

Jessica Wong from Hong Kong uses old clothes that gm
people don’t wear anymore to make bags. She has
been doing this for a few years now. She opened a
small shop where she sells her bags, and she has also

;

ay

ew
likes to use old jeans to make handbags. Her bags are 上 4 i

set up a website to sell them online. She especially
cute and useful. “I plan to write a book about new

ways to use old clothes,’ she said. “I hope people can read my book and enjoy it!”

ris

yl

Wang Tao set up a small business in Shanghai four years ago. He is known for using
iron and other materials from old cars to make beautiful art pieces.
fe ， Some are large pieces that look like animals or humans, and
SN\、 some are smaller pieces you can put at home. The more popular
\ works can even been seen in art shops around the city. Wang
| Tao hopes to set up a “metal art” theme park to show people
the importance of environmental protection. Not only can the

art bring happiness to others, but it also shows that even cold,
hard iron can be brought back to life with a little creativity.

re

Names What materials did they use? What did they make?

. scccccccccccccce We're trying to save the earth! ecccccccccccccccccccccce UNIT 13 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

2c Fill in the blanks with the correct forms of the phrases in the box.

put to good use build ... out of pull down
set up known for not only ... but also

1. Amy Hayes lives in the UK. Many of the old buildings in her neighborhood

were .

2. All the rubbish and old things in Amy’s neighborhood were then
when Amy built her house.

3. Amy is very creative and she her front gate

rocks and old glass bottles. She put an old boat on top of her house.
4. Jessica Wong sells her bags in a small shop, but she has also
an online business to sell them.
5. Though Jessica’s bags are made from old clothes, her bags are
being cute and useful.
6. Wang Tao makes large pieces of metal art that look like
animals or humans, makes smaller pieces for the home.

2d Underline the words in the passage based on the words below. What are
the differences?
think use usual actual build create
special recent environment important protect inspire

2e Make a list of things that need to be done to save the environment.
Which things can be done by regular people every day? Which things
have to be done by governments and organizations? Discuss these with
your group.

3a Think about the environment in your town or city.

Which parts of the town or city have a nice environment and why?
Which parts may be less nice and need to be improved? Why?

Good environment Why? Bad environment | Why?

3b Write a letter to the city mayor about the problems and your suggestions.

In your letter, describe the environmental problems i in your town or city.

What are the problems?
Where are they?
What or who is causing these problems?

! I think that...
: We should/could ...
: I suggest...

1 Write different forms of the words. Then add more to each

group.
ve — 1. n. — adj. adj. —n. adj. — adv.
pollute— fame— different— slow—
act— wood— important— probable—
protect— science— recent—
inspire— health— real—
build— south—
create— harm—

2 Match each statement with the grammar structure.

Statement Grammar
‘The river used to be so clean. Present progressive
We have seen many changes in the environment. | Modal verbs
People should take public transportation more. | Passive voice
‘The river is polluted by factories. used to
‘The air pollution is getting worse and worse. Present perfect

3 Write ways to cut down on these kinds of pollution.

Kinds of pollution Ways to cut down
water pollution

waste pollution

noise pollution

air pollution

1104)
Unit 14

I remember meeting all of you
in Grade 7.

fa Check (/) the things you remember doing at junior
high school. Add more to the list.

Language Goals:
Share past
memories and

experiences;
Look ahead to
the future

Well, junior high
school days are over.
Do you have any

At junior high school,
I remember:
winning a prize
being avolunteer once [Jy
doing a school survey )
a friend helping me with \
a problem x

I remember
meeting all of you
in Grade 7.

1b Listen and match the memory with the person.

___Mary a. used to be scared of a teacher with high standards
___Frank __ b. remembers losing a schoolbag

___ Sarah ___c. remembers meeting this group of friends

___ Peter d. has enjoyed every year of junior high school

List some memories and experiences from junior high school. Share

your lists with your partner.
Memories Experiences
I remember... [have .…
scoring two goals in a row during a learned to play the keyboard in
soccer competition music class

os。 UNIT 14 cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceeeceseesecesscssscsseesssessesees @

2a Listen to the conversation. Check (W) the facts you hear.

Someone didn’t like PE.

Someone was encouraged by a teacher.
Someone had a health problem.
Someone joined the school band.
Someone wants to become a secretary.

2b Listen again. Match each question with the name of the person.

Question Answer
___ 1. Who wants to study medicine? a. Luke
_____ 2. Who told someone to take a break from running? b. Brian
_____ 3. Who hurt his or her knee? c. Mr. Hunt
_____ 4. Who thinks the That’s Life concert is the best memory? d. Lisa

A: Do you remember Mr. Hunt?

B: Of course! Hes a great teacher. He gave
really clear instructions during P.E. class.

C: Yeah, he...

2c Role-play a conversation
in your group using the
information in 2a and 2b.

2d Role-play the conversation.

Judy: Which teachers will you miss the most after junior high school, Clara?

Clara: Ms. Lee and Mr. Brown.

Judy: I know that Ms. Lee was always patient with you in math class. She
helped you to work out the answers yourself no matter how difficult they
were.

Clara: Yes, and Mr. Brown guided me to do a lot better in science. He always
took the time to explain things to me clearly whenever I couldn’t understand
anything. Who will you miss?

Judy: Ms. Griffin. She encouraged me in English
class. She always told me, “You can do it!”
Because of her, I put in more effort and my
exam scores doubled.

Clara: Shall we get each of them a card and gift to
say thank you?

Judy: Good idea. Let’s go shopping tomorrow!

@
. oecccccccccccecee| remember meeting all of you in Grade 7, eeeeccccccccsooe YNIT 14 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

3a Skim the passage and answer the questions.

1. What kind of writing is this?
2. What is the main subject of this writing?
3. Who do you think the writer is?

3b Read the poem. Write the words that rhyme with the words below.

year class

things _ rings
land school

flowers

i I Remember

: Looking back at these past three years

: | remember many things

: Trying to be on time for morning readings
: Running when the lunch bell rings

: | remember the excitement

: Of the schoo sports day each year
: The many long hours of training

: Pride of overcoming fear

| remember starting day one
: The shyest in my whole class
: Never speaking to anyone
And thinking | would not pass

Then slowly | made some new friends
: To remember forever

: Helping each other with homework

: Getting better together

Preparing for art festivals

And making a great big mess
Having fun at New Year's parties
Wishing everyone the best

We have learned a different language
That is from a foreign land

English brings many challenges

We work hard to understand

And now it’s time to graduate

We will leave our lovely school

| can’t believe it’s been three years
I'm trying to keep my cool

But it’s difficult not to cry
I'll miss the school trees and flowers

And our kind and caring teachers
Wonderful memories of ours

ac Have you experienced any of the following things? How did you feel?
How does the writer feel about them?

1. trying to be on time for morning readings

2. running to the dining hall when the lunch bell rings

3. training for sports day
4, starting the first day in Grade 7

5. slowly making some new friends

6. helping classmates with homework

7. preparing for art festivals
8. going to New Year’s parties
9. learning English
os。 UNIT 14 cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceeeceseesecesscssscsseesssessesees @

What happened in Grade 7 that was Our team won the school basketball

special? competition.

How have you changed since you started I've become much better at speaking

junior high school? English.

How do you think things will be different | think that I'll have to study much harder

in senior high school? for exams.

What are your plans for next year? I'm going to join the school volleyball
team.

What do you remember about Grade 8? | remember being a volunteer.

What did you use to do that you don't | used to take dance lessons, but | don't

do now? anymore.

What are you looking forward to? I'm looking forward to going to senior
high school.

4a Number the sentences to make a paragraph.

When I get to senior high, I will join the school swimming team.

1 Mytime in junior high school has been enjoyable.
In Grade 8, I studied harder but I still got poor grades in English. I
had problems with pronunciation and reading texts. So the next year, I
worked much harder and got better grades.
Next year, I will be in senior high school. I can’t believe how fast the
time went by!
This year, with Mr. Trent’s help, my English level has been improving
and I hope to get good grades at the end of the year.
In the first year, I didn’t work very hard in class, but I joined many
different school clubs and had a lot of fun.

4b Write your own answers to the questions.

1. What do you remember about Grade 7?

2. What happened in Grade 8 that was special?

3. What did you use to do that you don’t do now?

4. How have you changed since you started junior high school?

5. How do you think things will be different in senior high school?

6. What are your plans for next year?

7. What are you looking forward to?

108)
. *。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。| remember meeting all of you in Grade 7, eeeeccccccccsooe YNIT 14 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

fa Write about what you would like to do in the future.

1. get a business degree and become a manager li
2.
3.

What do
you hope to do
in the future?

Talk about what you hope to do
in the future.

T hope to
get a business
degree and become
a manager.

41 Listen to a class discussion. Check (w) the hopes you hear.

1a Listen again. Complete the passage.

Today is the students’ last class. Bob feels about it and
thinks Mrs. Chen’s classes have been . The students talk
about what they want to do in the future. Ken is good at

and he won a for it. So he wants to be an

Mrs. Chen believes in all of them and tells them to “

celebrate the end of junior high, they’re having a

ask Mrs. Chen to come, and she is happy to accept the invitation.

Prepare a speech for your graduation. Use the questions to help you.
Present your speech to your group.

How have you changed since you started junior high school?
Who has helped you most?

What advice have your parents given you?

What will you do after you graduate?

What are you looking forward to?
os。 UNIT 14 cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceeeceseesecesscssscsseesssessesees @

What is the most important thing you have learned in junior high
school? Discuss the question with a partner.

2b Read the passage and answer the questions.

1. What kind of text is this? Is it a story, a speech or a notice?
2. Who do you think wrote it?
3. Who is it for?

IDENTIFYING TEXT TYPE AND PURPOSE

Quickly skim through a text to see what
kind of writing it is, who wrote it and
why it was written.

Ladies and gentlemen,

Thank you for coming today to
attend the graduation ceremony at
No. 3 Junior High School. First of all, I’d like to congratulate all the students who
are here today. I remember meeting all of you when you were just starting Grade

7 at this school. You were all so full of energy and thirsty for knowledge. And yes,
some of you were a little difficult to deal with! But today I see a room full of talented
young adults who are full of hope for the future. You've all grown up so much and I’m
so proud of you.

Although you've all worked very hard over the last three
years, none of you could have succeeded by yourselves.
Along the way, I’m sure many people have helped and
supported you. I’d like you to remember to thank all of
these important people in your lives — your parents,
your teachers, your classmates and your friends. Please
consider what they’ve done for you and what they mean
to you. Never fail to be thankful to the people around
you.

Lastly, the end of junior high school is the beginning of

a new life. I don’t need to tell you that life in senior high
school will be harder and that you have many difficult tasks ahead of you. You'll
make mistakes along the way, but the key is to learn from your mistakes and never
give up. But along with difficulties, there will also be many exciting things waiting
for you. Behind each door you open are chances to learn new things, and you have
the ability to make your own choices. Choose wisely and be responsible for your
decisions and actions. Although you have to go your separate ways now, I wish that
in a few years’ time, you'll come back to visit our school. As you set out on your new
journey, you shouldn't forget where you came from. The future is yours.

Good luck and hope to see you again soon sometime!

. oecccccccccccecee| remember meeting all of you in Grade 7, eeeeccccccccsooe YNIT 14 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

2c Read the passage again and answer the questions.

. What were the students like in Grade 7?

. How have the students changed?

. Who should the students thank and why?

. What will senior high be like?

. How should the students deal with the future?

. What advice would you give to students who are just starting junior high

从 上 wii eH

school?

2d Fill in the blanks with the correct forms of the words in the box.

attend be thirsty for none separate
set out on a new journey be proud of
1. It is time to say good-bye, but of us wanted to leave our

classmates and teachers.

2. It is always hard to from those whom you have spent so
much time with for the past three years. However, we are still excited to

when we enter senior high.

3. The teacher can tell we knowledge from our eyes. She tells
us that knowledge will give us wings to fly.

4. We will the junior high graduation ceremony tomorrow. It
is a very special time for us.

5. Our teachers and parents will us because we have grown up

and can be responsible for ourselves.

2e Underline the sentences you like in the passage. Tell your partner what
they mean and why you like them.

Ba Think of a person or an event from junior high school that you will
never forget. Make some notes about how this person or event changed
your life in some way.

Who is the person? / What is the event?

When and where did you first meet this person? / When and where did
this event happen?

How did you feel when you met this person? / How did you feel when
this event happened?

How did this person help you? / What happened later?

How has this person’s advice / event changed your life?
3b Write a passage about the person or event you thought about in 3a.

Describe the person/event.
Explain how you feel about this person/event.

Describe how this person/event has changed your life.

1 What happened in junior high that made you have these
feelings? Complete the chart.

Feelings Memories/Experiences

excited

happy

worried

2 Fill in the blanks with the correct forms of the words in brackets.

Ican’t (believe) that today is the last day of junior high

school. I still (remember) the first day of Grade 7 like

it was yesterday. I used to (be) a really shy person, so

on the first day of junior high, I (be) so scared and

nervous. I (think) that I would never make any friends.

But now, I (realize) that I was just being silly. Since then, I
(make) so many good friends and I (share)

so many good memories with them. Even though I (be) sad

that junior high is over, I (look) forward to new experiences

in senior high!

@
Peer eerreccesccsccesecoeccescecesecnsecesesescoeseoesoesccoscoooos Grammar。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

Grammar

I. 动词 (Verbs )
1. 被 动 语 态 (Passive Voice )
1) 主动 语 态 和 被 动 语 态
英语 动词 有 两 种 语 态 ， 即 主动 语 态 (Active Voice ) 和 被 动 语 态 (Passive
Voice )。 当 主语 为 动作 的 执行 者 时 ， 谓 语 的 形式 为 主动 语 态 ; 当主 语 为 动作 的
承受 者 时 ， 谓 语 要 用 被 动 语 态 。 例 如 :
Many people speak English.( 主动 语 态 ， 句 子 的 主语 many people 是 动作 speak

的 执行 者 )
English is spoken by many people. ( 被 动 语 态 ， 句 子 的 主语 English 是 动作 speak
的 承受 者 )

Bellinvented the telephone in 1876.( 主动 语 态 )

Thetelephone was inventedbyBellin 1876.( 被 动 语 态
被 动 语 态 的 构成
被 动 语 态 由 “助动词 be 十 及 物 动 词 的 过 去 分 词 ” 构 成 。 助 动词 be 有 人 称 、 数

2

Vm

和 时 态 的 变化 ， 其 变化 规则 与 be 人 放生 二 全 样 。 现 以 动词 ask 为 例 ，
将 一 般 现在 时 和 一 般 过 去 时 被 动 语 态 的 肯定 式 、 否 定式 及 疑 问 式 列表 如 下 :
Het 否定 式 疑问 式
Iam asked ... Iam not asked ... Am [asked ...?
一般 现在 时 He/She is asked ... He/She is not asked ... Is he/she asked ...?
; We/You are asked ... We/You are not asked ... Are we/you asked ...?
They are asked ... They are not asked ... Are they asked ...?
Iwas asked ... Iwas not asked ... Was Lasked ...?
一- 般 过 去 时 He/She was asked ..， | He/She was not asked... | Was he/she asked ...?
一 We/You were asked ... | We/You were not asked ... | Were we/youasked ...?
‘They were asked ... ‘They were not asked ... Were they asked ...?
3) 含有 情态 动词 的 被 动 语 态
含有 情态 动词 的 被 动 语 态 由 “情态 动词 十 be 十 及 物 动词 的 过 去 分 词 ” 构 成 。 例

如 :

Teenagers should be allowed to make their own decisions.
cocccccccccocceo Grammar *eescccccccccccccccccesccccccecceesceeseesseeseeeseeeeseeseensens

Your room must be cleaned every day.
The trees may be planted behind the house.
This game can be played in the winter.

4) 被 动 语 态 的 用 法
当 我 们 不 知道 谁 是 动作 的 执行 者 ， 或 者 没有 必要 说 明 谁 是 动作 的 执行 者 , 或 者
只 需 强 调动 作 的 承受 者 时 ， 被 动 语 态 。 例 如 :

The blouse is made of silk.
The zipper is often used in our daily lives.
I think the TV was invented after the car.
被 动 语 态 常 用 于 陈述 事实 ， 一 般 用 在 科技 文章 或 新 闻 报 道中 。
*2， 过 去 完成 时 ( Past Perfect Tense )

1) 过 去 完成 时 的 构成
过 去 完成 时 由 “ 盈 动 词 had( 用 于 各 种 人 称 和 数 ) 十 过 去 分 词 ”构成 。

2) 过 去 完成 时 的 用 法

用 法 例句

By the time I got outside, the bus had

过 去 完成 时 表示 在 过 去 某 一 时 间或 动作 already left.

之 前 已 经 发 生 或 完成 了 的 动作 。 它 表示 When I got to school, I realized I had left
动作 发 生 的 时 间 是 “过 去 的 过 去 ”。 表 示 mybackpack at home.

过 去 某 一 时 间 可 用 by before 等 构成 的 短 The movie had started before Iarrived at
语 ， 也 可 用 when, before 等 引导 的 从 句 ， the cinema.

或 者 通过 上 下 文 表示 。 By the time I got to the airport, my flight
had already taken off.

注 : had not 常 简略 为 hadnt。
3 情态 动词 ( Modal Verbs )
很 多 情态 动词 都 可 以 用 于 表达 推测 ， 但 所 包含 的 意义 不 尽 相同 。
1) must
must 表 示 很 大 的 可 能 性 ， 意 为 “一 定 ; 必定 ” ， 只 用 于 肯定 句 中 。
The backpack must belong to Carla. 那个 背包 肯定 是 卡拉 的 。
It’s 10:00pm.Hemustbeathomebynow 现在 是 晚上 十 点 。 他 这 会 儿 肯 定 在 家 。

2

Vm

can fil can’t

can fy FA Se FB BE Ta) ay Pe BE. ANSE. can't ean “AKT
fig”. PANN:
Can it be true? 那 可 能 是 真 的 吗 ?

What can he mean? 他 可 能 是 什么 意思 呢 ?

114)

CO o reer recrorsecsccererorereseeeseenseresereseoeseoesoeseoooscooeoes Grammar。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

He can’t be more than 40. 他 不 可 能 超过 四 十 岁 。

I trust Joe. He cantbelying. 我 信任 乔 。 他 不 大 可 能 说 谎 。

除了 上 述 情态 动词 以 外 ，may might, could 都 能 表示 “可 能 ” 。could, might 语
气 更 委婉 ，might 语 气 最 为 缓和 ， 含 义 更 不 确定 。 例 如 :

She looks beautiful. I think she may be an actress. 她 看 起 来 很 漂亮 。 我 觉得 她 可
能 是 个 演员 。

It could be Meis hair band. Or it might belong to Linda. They both have long
hair. 这 有 可 能 是 梅 的 发 带 ， 也 有 可 能 是 琳 达 的 。 她 们 俩 都 是 长 发 。

I. ‘ii My (Objective Clauses )
RAAT, MIPS, MP, Pale “SITE +E

语 + 谓 语 ” 构 成 。 引 导 宾 语 从 名 的 常见 关联 词 有 that if, whether, what, who, where, why fil
how 等 。
从 名 原形 关联 词 例句
I think (that) Halloween is a fun festival.
陈述 句 that ( 在 口语 或 非 正 式 | Mary thinks (that) the teams were just fantastic.
文体 中 常 省 略 ) Manythink (that) sharks aretoo strongtobe
endangered.
I wonder if/whether they'll have the races again
rear whether, if( 在 口语 中 | next year.
oe iif FALE) Ben wonders if/whether April is a good time to
visit Thailand.
Could you please tell me where the restrooms are?
. Do you know when the bookstore closes today?
特殊 疑问 名 who, what, which, Iasked Candy how life was different after she
when, where, how, why
became famous.
Can you tell me who she is?
I. 定语 从 名 ( Attributive Clauses )
在 复合 名 中 ， 修 饰 某 一 名 词 或 代词 的 从 名 叫做 定语 从 句 。 定 语 从 句 通常 置 于 它 修饰 的

名 词 或 代词 之 后 ， 被 修饰 的 名 词 或 代词 叫 先行 词 。 例 如 :

Ilike music that I can dance to.

Carmen likes musicians who play different kinds of music.
上 面 两 句 中 的 music 和 musicians 是 定语 从 句 所 修饰 的 词 ， 叫 作 先 行 词 ， 定 语 从 句 放
在 先行 词 的 后 面 。 引 导 定 语 从 名 的 词 有 关系 代词 thab which, who( 宾 格 whom， 所 有 格

154

cococccccccocceo Grammar cescccccccccccccccccescccsccecceesceeseesseeseenseeesseeseensens
whose ) 和 关系 副词 where when, why。 关 系 代词 和 关系 副词 放 在 先行 词 和 定语 从 名 之 间 ，
起 联系 作用 ， 同 时 又 作 定语 从 句 的 一 个 成 分 。
关系 代词 引导 的 定语 从 句 :
关系 代词 Bil 名

I love movies that are funny. ( 作 主 语 )
April Fool’s Day is a celebration that takes place in different

E 7
een 物 countries around the world.( 作 主 语 )
hb XR

Everything (that) you learn becomes a part of you and changes you.
〈 作 宾语 )
which 在 从 句 中 § | The book which is on the table is mine.( 作 主语 )

FE 主语 或 宾语 物 | The story (which) he told was very interesting. ( 作 宾语 )
who, whom 在 从 指 Id like to congratulate all the students who are here today. ( 作 主 语 )
句 中 分 别 作 主 语 人 Ilove singers who write their own music. ( 作 主 语 )
和 宾语 The person to whom you just spoke is Mr. Li. ( 作 宾语 )
TE: 关系 代词 在 句 中 作 宾 语 时 常 可 省 略 。

IV 构词法 (Word Formation )

英语 中 很 多 单词 的 构成 形式 是 有 规律 的 ， 掌 握 单 词 的 构成 规律 有 助 于 理解 和 记忆 词汇 。
英语 的 常见 构词法 有 合成 《Compounding )、 派 生 ( Derivation ) 和 转化 〈Conversion )。
缩写 和 简写 (Abbreviation and Simplification ) 也 是 构词法 的 一 种 。

1. 合成 法 ( Compounding )

两 个 或 两 个 以 上 的 词 合成 一 个 新 闻 ， 这 种 构词法 叫做 合成 法 。 例 如 :
复合 名 词 classroom ( 名 词 十 名 词 ) blackboard ( 形容词 十 名 词 )
复合 形容 词 worldwide( 名 词 十 形容 词 ) good-looking (形容词 十 分 词 )
复合 动词 overcome ( 副词 十 动词 )
复合 数 词 ffty-four( 数 词 十 数 词 )
复合 代词 everything, somebody, anything, nobody( 不 定 代词 十 名 词 )
复合 副词 downstairs ( 副词 十 名 词 ) whole-heartedly( 形容 词 十 副词 )

2. 派生 法 ( Derivation )
在 一 个 单词 前 面 或 后 面 加 上 一 个 词缀 构成 新 闻 ， 这 种 构词法 叫做 派生 法 。 加 在 单词
前 的 词缀 叫 前 绥 ， 加 在 后 面 的 词 绥 叫 后 绥 。

CO oo eorecresecscceserrrereseeesecrsereseseseoeseooesoeseoosecooeos Grammar。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

前 2 示 例
un- (A, AE, 4a are ) unfriendly, unpleasant, uncomfortable
diss (A. dR, Rae ) disadvantage, dishonest, disagree
bi (两 个 双边 的 ) bicycle
inter- (相互 、 交 互 、 在 一 起 ) interview international Internet
Te- (又 、 再 、 重 新 ) review, return, rewrite
tele- (iz) telephone, television
后 3h 示 例
-or/ -er (从 事 某 种 职业 的 人 ， 名 词 后 actor, visitor, director, singer, runner, worker,
4) driver
-ist (人 ， 名 词 后 组 ) artist, scientist, tourist, terrorist
-ese (民族 、 语 言 ， 名 词 后 绥 ) Chinese, Japanese
-tion (表示 动作 、 状 态 ， 名 词 后 绥 ) invitation, attraction, population, pronunciation
-ful (充满 ， 形 容 词 后 绥 ) successful, beautiful, colorful, wonderful
-了 〈 表 性 质 ， 形 容 词 后 缀 ) funny, healthy, cloudy, windy
-ing “ (形容词 后 绥 ) boring, exciting, interesting, outstanding
-ed (形容 词 后 绥 ) surprised, balanced, relaxed, talented
-al (0 的 ， 形 容 词 后 绥 ) traditional international natural
-able 能够， 形容 词 后 绥 ) comfortable, unforgettable
-less (JRA. Hi, JBI ) homeless, helpless, careless
-ly (副词 或 形容 词 后 绥 ) really, usually, finally, friendly
3. 转化 法 (Conversion )
一 个 单词 由 一 种 词类 转换 为 另 一 种 词类 ， 这 种 构词法 叫 转化 法 。 单 词 转化 后 的 意义

往往 与 之 前 的 意义 联系 密切 。
名 词 转化 为 动词 show n. 展览 ; 展示 一 show v. 表演 ， 展 出
water n. 7K — water v. GE7K
形容 词 转化 为 动词 slow adj. HY — slow v. jth
动词 转化 为 名 词 walk 散步 ; fe = 一 takeawalk 17. 散步
look vu. & 一 havealook n.4#—F, 4—-&
4 缩写 和 简写 ( Abbreviation and Simplification )
缩写 和 简写 ( 也 被 称 为 截断 法 或 缩短 法 ) 主要 采取 “ 截 头 ”、" 去 尾 ” 或 者 “ 既 截
头 又 去 尾 ” 的 方法 来 生成 新 闻 。 例 如 :

telephone — phone airplane — plane laboratory — lab
mathematics 一 math advertisement 一 ad examination — exam
influenza — flu

£117)
cocccccccccccceo Grammar *eescecccccccccccccccescccscceccecsceeseesseeseenseeeeseeneensees

另外 还 有 很 多 缩写 词 是 由 各 个 单词 的 首 字 母 组 成 ， 例 如 :

CD (compact disk)

CCTV (China Central Television)

kg (Kilogram)

NBA (National Basketball Association)

UFO (unidentified flying object)

UN (United Nations)

ID (identification)

USA (United States of America)

WWE (World Wide Fund for Nature or World Wildlife Fund)

Ce rcccccccccsccccccccccccccccccccccccccoelords and Expressions in Each Unit。.。.。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

Words and Expressions in Each Unit

CHE: 在 本 词 表 中 , 重点 词汇 用 黑体 标 出 。
在 英 式 和 美式 发 音 有 区 别 时 , 英 式 发 音 在 前 , 美式 发 音 在 后 。)

Unit 1 speed /spi:d/ n. 速度 pS
textbook /'tekstbuk/ 75. 教科书; 课本 p.1 ability /a'brloti/ n. fA; 才能 p.6
conversation /,konvo'se1fn/, brain /brein/ n. 大脑 p.6

/kamvor'serfn/ n. 交谈; 谈话 p.2 active /ektrv/ adj. 活跃 的 ; 积极 的 “p.6
aloud /a'laud/ adv. 大 声 地 ; 出 声 地 ”p.2 attention /atenfny/ n. 注意 ; 关注 p.6

pronunciation /pranansi'erfn/ n. pay attention to 注意 ; 9 p.6
发 音 ; 读音 p2 connect /ko'nekt/ v.
sentence /'sentons/ n. /i]-¥ p2 〈 使 ) 连接 ;与 …… 有 联系 p.6
patient /'perfnt/ adj. 有 耐心 的 connect ... with
nig p2 把 …… 和 …… 连 接 或 联系 起 来 p.6
expression /1k'sprefn/ n. overnight /,ouvo(r)nart/

adv. 一夜 之 间 ; 在 夜间 p.6
review /ri'vju:/ v. & n. 回顾 ; 复习 p.6
knowledge /‘nolid3/, /‘na:lid3/ n.

知识 ; 学 问 p.6

表达 ( 方式 ); 表示 P.3
discover /di'skavo(r)/v. 发 现 ; AGE p.3
secret /'sitkrat/ n. 秘密 ; 秘诀

adj. 秘密 的 ; 保密 的 p3
| 7 isely /'warzli/ adv. 明智 地 ; 陪 明 地 p.6
fallin love with 爱 上 ;与 相爱。 P3 AN A
1 ‘Hy

summer’ sem mane PS annie /aeni/ 安 妮 ( 女 名) p2
repeat /ripict/ “重复 ; 重 做 P4 Alexander /lig'zandor/ Graham
note /nout/n.@id; 记录 /'grerom/ Bell /bel/

mibees Ft PA SUK ATELY HU pb
pal /pael/ n. 朋友 ; 伙伴 p+
pattern /'petn/, /‘petorn/ Unit 2

n. Bs 方式 P4 lantern /‘lento(r)n/ 1. KI p9
physics /'fiztks/n. 物理 ;物理 学 p-4 stranger /'stremnd3o(r)/n. 陌生 人 p.10
chemistry /‘kemustri/ 1. {G7 P-4 relative /'relotiv/ 1.38); 38% p.10
partner /‘pax(r)tno(r)/ 1. Hs 同伴 pS put on 增加 (体重 ); 发 胖 p.l0
pronounce /pro‘nauns/ 发音 PS pound /paund/ n. i} (重量 单位 );
increase /in'kri:s/ v. 增加 ; 增长 ps 英镑 (英国 货币 单位 ) P.10
folk /fouk/ adj. RIK; 民众 的 pll
goddess /gpdes/ /‘ga:dos/n. # p.11
steal /sti:l/ v. (stole /stoul/,
stolen /'stoulon/) 偷 ; 窃取
lay /let/ v. (laid /lerd/ laid)
放置 ; 安放 ; °° (ON); 下 (和 蛋 ) p.11

p.ll

lay out 摆 开 ; 布置 P.11
dessert /di'zs:(r)t/ 1.( 饭 后 ) 甜点 ;

甜食 P.11
garden /ga:(r)dn/ n. 花园 ; 园子 p.ll

admire /ad'mara(r)/ v. 欣赏 ; MSE p.ll
tie /tai/n. Si vd; He p.12
haunted /‘ho:ntid/ adj. 有 鬼魂 出 没 的 ;

Wid LAY p.13
ghost /goust/ n. 58; 鬼魂 p.13
trick /trik/ n. 4648; 把 戏 p.13
treat /tri:t/n. 款待 ; 招待

! 招 待 ; 请 ( 客 ) P.13
spider /'sparda(r)/ n. ith p.13
Christmas /'krismos/n. 圣诞 节 p.14
fool /fu:l/n. A; GUM v. BSR

adj. 思春 的 p.14
lie /lat/ v. (lay /let/, lain /lem/)

Fis; 处 于 p.l4
novel /npvl/ /‘na:vl/ n.

(长 篇 ) 小 说 P.14
eve /ivV/ 7.( 尤 指 宗教 节假日 的 ) HY

前 夜 p.l4
dead /ded/ adj. 死 的 ; 失去 生命 的 p.14
business /brznes/ 7. 生意 ; 商业 p14
punish /'panif/v. 处 罚 ; 惩罚 P.14
warn /wox(r)n/ v. 警告 ; 告 诚 p.14
present /'preznt/n. 现在 ; 礼物

a 丰 .现在 的 P.14

1201

seessessesssssssuords and Expressions in Each Unitssccccecccccccccccccccccccccscccccscccccces

nobody /neubsdi/ /‘nouba:di/
pron. 没有 人 p.14
warmth /wo:(r)m@/ n. 温暖 ; WA p.14

spread /spred/ v. 传播 ; 展开
new; 传播 P.14
Macao /mo'kau/ 澳门 p.10

Chiang Mai /tfien'mar/, /d5ammar/
清 迈 (泰国 城市 ) p.10

Halloween /heloviin/ 万 圣 节 前 夕 p.13

St. /semnt/ Valentine’s /vaelentaImnz/
Day 情 人 节

P.14

Clara /klare/ /‘klera/ 克拉 拉 ( 女 名 )p.10
Santa /'seento/ Claus /klo:z/

圣诞 老人 P.14
Charles /tfa:(r)1z/ Dickens /‘dikinz/

查尔斯 .狄更斯 (英国 作家 ) p.l4
Scrooge /skru:d3/ 斯 克 角 奇

1.( 非 正式 ) Fen P.14
Jacob /'d3etkob/ Marley /'ma:(r)li/

HEA Ai. 马 利 p.l4
Unit 3
restroom /‘restru:m/ n.

〈 美 ) 洗手 间 ; 公共 厕所 p.17
stamp /stemp/ 1. 邮票 ;印章 p.17
bookstore /"buksto:(r)/ n. 书店 p.l7
postcard /‘poustka:(r)d/n. 明信片 p.18
pardon /'pa:(r)dn/ interj.

请 再 说 一 遍 ; TUK, HAN P.18

washroom /'wofru:m/, /'wa:fru:m/
n. 洗手 间 ; 厕所

bathroom /‘ba:0ru:m/, /baegbrumy/
niga; 洗手 间

P.18

P.18
eoecccccccccscccccccccccccccccccccccocccoelOrds and Expressions in Each Unit。.。.。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

quick /kwik/adj. (ig; 迅速 的 whom /hu:m/ pron. iff; 什么 人 p.22
adv. 快速 地 ; 迅速 地 p.18 address /adres/ /adres/ n. 住址 ;

rush /raf/v. &n. fe; 急促 p.18 地 址 ; 通讯 处 p.22

suggest /Sed5est/ v. 建议 ; 提议 p.19 faithfully /‘ferOfoli/ adv. 忠实 地 ;

staff /sta:f/, /steef/ n. 管理 人 员 ; 忠诚 地 p.24
R 工 p.l9

grape /greIp/ 寻 葡萄 p20 Italian /tteelion/ adj. 意大利 (人 ) 的 ;

central /sentrel/ adj. 中 心 的 ; 1. 意大利 人 ; 意大利 语 p.20
中 央 的 p.20

mail /merl/ v. 邮寄 ;发 电子 邮件 Kevin /kevIm/ 凯 文 ( 男 名 ) P.20
nelle: (eet: p20 Tim /trm/ 蒂 姆 ( 男 名 ) p.20

east /ist/ adj. 东方 的 ; 东部 的
adv. 向 东 ; WR nk; 东方 p20 Unit4

humorous /‘hju:moros/ adj.

fascinating /‘feesinertin/ adj.

迷人 的 ， 极 有 吸引 力 的 p21 有 的 默 感 的 ， 滑 往 有 趣 的 P26
convenient /kenvimiont/ adj. silent /'sarlont/ 从 不 说 话 的 ;

便利 的 ; 方便 的 p2l TURRIS p.26

helpful /helpfl/adj. 有 用 的 ;
mall /mo:l/ n. 商场 ; 购物 中 心 P.21 Tr 46
clerk /klatk/, /kla:irk/ n. 职员 p.21 ’ P
kor In : 4 from time to time 时 常 ， 有 时 p.26

me ee A; FAR p. score /sko:(t)/n.& 0.5); 打分 p26
polite /pelart/ adj. A+LSRHI;

background /"bekgraund/ n. #5 p.27

FR
客气 的 P22 interview /mte(r)vjuy ve 采访 ; 面试
politely /pslartli/ adv. 礼 狐 地 ; n. 面试 ， 访 谈 P.27
客气 地 p.22 Asian /erfn, 'er3n/ adj. 亚洲 的 ;
speaker /'spi:ko(r)/ 7 亚洲 人 的 元 亚洲 人 p.27
DEORE) ) 的 人 ; Re p22 geal with 对 付 ; 应 付 p.27
request /rikwest/n. 3; 请 求 。 p.22 gare /dea/ /der/ v. 敢于 ; 胆敢 p27
choice /tfors/n. 选择 ; 挑选 P.22 private /prarvet/ adj. 私人 的 ;
direction /do'rekSn, darrekfn/ 私密 的 P.27
1 方向 ; 方位 P.22 guard /ga:(r)d/n. 1; 看 守
correct /kerekt/ adj. 正确 的 ; 守卫 ; 保卫 p.27
恰当 的 p.22 require /ri'kwata(r)/ vi BE; 要 求 p.27
direct /do'rekt, darrekt/ adj. 直接 的 ; European /ju(0)ro'pion/
直率 的 p.22 adj. 欧洲 的 ; 欧洲 人 的 p.28

121)
British /britif/ adj. 英国 的 ;

英国 人 的 p.28
speech /spi:t{/n. Hin; RA p.28
ant /ant/ n. 蚂蚁 p.29
insect /‘msekt/ n. 昆虫 p.29
influence /'influons/ v. & n. 影响 p30
seldom /'seldom/ adv. 不 常 ; AW p.30

proud /praud/ adj. 自豪 的 ; 骄傲 的 p.30

be proud of 为 …… 骄 傲 ; 感到 自豪 ”p.30
absent /aebsent/ adj. 缺席 ; 不 在 p.30
fail /fer/ yw 失败 ; 未 能 (做 到 ) p.30
examination /1g,zemi'ne1jn/

n. 考试 ; 审查 p.30
boarding /"bo:(r)din/ school

寄宿 学 校 p.30
in person 亲身 ; 亲自 p.30
exactly /Igzaktli/ adv. 确切 地 ;

精确 地 p.30
pride /praid/n. Ak; Bric p.30
take pride in 为 …… 感 到 自豪 p.30
grandson /'grensan/n. 孙子 ; 外 孙 p.31

general /d5enrel/ adj. 普遍 的 ;

常规 的 ; 总 的 ne 将 军 p.32
introduction /mtredAkfn/ n. 介绍 p.32
Paula /‘poilo/ 葆 拉 ( 女 名 ) p.26
Alfred /‘elfrid/ 艾 尔 弗 雷 德 ( 男 名 ) p.26
Billy /brli/ 比 利 ( 男 名 ) p.26
Candy /kandi/ 坎 迪 ( 女 名 ) p.27
Jerry /dseri/ 杰 里 〈 男 名 );

杰 丽 〈 女 名 ) p.28
Emily /‘emili/ 埃 米 莉 ( 女 名 ) p.28
Unit S
material /maetrerisl/ 1. 材料 ; VE} p.33

1122)

chopstick /'t{opstik/, /'t{a:pstik/ n.
RF
coin /komn/ n. ff
fork /foi(r)k/n. 2X; LF
blouse /blauz/ /blaus/ n.
(2) 短 上 衣 ; 衬衫
silver /'stlvo(r)/ n. 8; 银 器
adj. 银色 的
glass /gla:s/, /gles/ n. 玻璃
cotton /‘kotn/, /'ka:tn/ n. Hil; 棉花
steel /sti:l/n. 钢 ; 钢铁
grass /gra:s/,/graes/n. Hi; 草地
leaf /li:f/ n. (pl. leaves /lirvz/)
叶 ; 叶子
produce /pro'dju:s/, /pro'du:s/
v. ABP iil; Hi
widely /‘wardli/ adv. 广泛 地 ;
普遍 地
process /'prouses/, /‘pra:ses/
v. IT; 处 理
France /fra:ns/, /freens/ 法
no matter 不 论 ; 无 论
local /‘loukl/ adj. 当地 的 ; 本 地 的
即使
brand /brand/ 7. 品牌 ;牌子
avoid /savorId/ v. 避免 ; 回避
product /'prodakt/, /pra:dakt/ n.
产品 ; 制品
handbag /‘hendbeg/ n. 小 手提 包
mobile /mouball/ /maeubl/ adj.
可 移动 的 ; 非 固定 的
Germany /'d33:(r)moni/

Hi

even though 虽然 ;

El

get
fal

surface /'s3:(r)fis/ n. 表面 ; 表

sovcccccccccoccelords and Expressions in Each Unitsscccccccccccccccccccccccccscccccsccccccs

p33
p33
p33

p33

p33
p33
p.33
p33
p.34

p.34

p.34

p.34

p.34
p.35
p.35
p.35
p.35
p.35
p.35

p.35
p.35

p.35
p.36
p.36
CoecccccccccsccccccccccccccccccccccccccoelOrds and Expressions in Each Unit。.。.。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

postman /‘poustmon/ 7. 邮递 员 p36 ”project /prpdsekt/ /‘pra:d3ekt/ 7
cap /kep/n.( SRT WATE EN ) 帽子 p.36 项 目 ; 工程 P.42
glove /glAv/ 7.( 分 手指 的 ) 手套 P.36 pleasure /‘pleza(r)/n. 高兴; 愉快 “”p.42
international /mta(rmaefnel/ zipper /‘z1po(r)/ n. (= zip) 拉链 ;
a 丰 国际 的 p37 拉 锁 p.42
competitor /kom'petito(r)/ n. daily /‘deili/ adj. 每 日 的 ; HAW p42
参赛 者 ; 竞争 者 P.37 website /‘websait/n. 网 站 p.42
paint /pemt/ v. 用 颜料 画 ; 刷 漆 P.37 pioneer /parIemIe/ /paro'nir/ n.
its /its/ adj. 它 的 p.38 先锋 ; 先驱 p.42
form /fo:(r)m/ n. Jest; 2H! p38 list /list/ v. 列表 ; 列 清 单
clay /klet/ 1. 黏 士 ; 陶土 p.38 n. 名 单 ; 清单 p.42
balloon /bo'luin/ n. 气球 p38 mention /'menfn/v. 423); 说 到 — p.42
scissors /'s1zo(r)z/ n. (pl.) 剪刀 p38  byaccident 偶然 ; 意外 地 p.43
lively /larvli/ adj. 生气 勃勃 的 ; nearly /nieli/，/nrrli/ adv. 几乎 ;
(色彩 ) 鲜艳 的 p.38 差不多 P.43
fairy /‘feori/, /‘feri/ tale /teIl/ boil /boul/ v. 煮沸 ; 烧 开 p.43
童话 故事 p38 smell /smel/n. 气味
heat /hi:t/n. #4; 高 温 p.38 2 Bet Us TE p-43
polish /'polif/, /‘pa:lf/ v. saint /sernt/n. A; XE p.43
磨 光 ; 修改 ; 润色 p.38 take place 发 生 ; 出 现 p.43
complete /kom'pli:t/ v. 完成 p38 doubt /daut/ 7. 疑惑 ; 疑问 人 怀疑 p.43
without doubt 毫 无 疑问 ; 的 确 P.43
Korea /keri'e/ 朝鲜 ;韩国 p.33 fridge /frid3/ 7 冰箱 p-44
Switzerland /'switsa(r)lond/ Smt: p.35 translate /traens'leit/v. 翻译 p.44
San Francisco /saen fron'stskou/ lock /lpk/ /la:k/ v. Bi; 锁 住 p.44
朋 西 斯 科 earthquake /s:(r)9kweik/m. 地 震 。 p.44
( 旧金山， 美国 城市 ) p.35 sudden /'sadon/ a 帮 突然 (的 ) 。 p.44
all ofa sudden 突然 ; 独 地 P.44
Pam /pem/ 帕 姆 ( 女 名 ) p.34 biscuit /biskit/ n. 饼干 p.44
cookie /‘kuki/ n. 曲 奇 饼 p.44
Unit 6 instrument /'Instroment/ n. 器 械 ;
heel /hi:l/ n. 鞋 跟 ; 足 跟 p.42 仪器 ; 工具 p.44
electricity /ilek'trisoti/ n. Hi; 电能 p.42 crispy /‘krispi/ adj. 脆 的 ;酥脆 的 p.45
scoop /sku:p/n.4J; 铲子 P.42 sour /'savo(r)/ adj. RIN; 有 酸味 的 p.45
style /starl/n. 样式 ; 款式 p.42 ”by mistake 错误 地 ; 无意 中 P.45

1123)
sovcccccccccoccelords and Expressions in Each Unitsscccceccccccccccccccccccccscccccscccccce

customer /‘kastomo(r)/n. 顾客 ; George /d30:(r)d3/ Crum /kram/
客户 P.45 乔治 . 克拉 姆 p.45

Canadian /ko'neidion/ a 夏 加拿大 的 ; James /d3e1mz/ Naismith /narsmaI6/
加 拿 大 人 的 元 加 拿 大 人 p.46 FSWT . 奈 史 密斯 p.46

divide /di'vaid/ v. 分 开 ; 分 散 p.46

divide ... into 把 …… 分 开 p.46 Unit7

purpose /'p3:(r)pos/n. 目的 ; 目标 p.46 smoke /smouk/ v. 冒 烟 ; 吸烟

basket /baskrt/ /‘beskit/ n. 烟 p.49
nf; 香 P46 pierce /pros/, /prs/ v.4L; 刺 破 ;

the Olympics /o'limpiks/ 穿 透 P.49
奥 林 严 克 运 动 会 P.46 。 license /‘laisns/n. (= licence) 证 ;

look up to 钦佩 ;仰慕 p.46 证 件 p49
hero /‘hiorau/, /‘hirau/ n. 英雄 ;

safety /'serfti/n. 安全 ;安全 性 p.49

一 P.46 earring /rerm/ /mrm/ 7 耳环; 耳 饰 p.S0
cry /krat/v. & n. 38; 叫喊 psi
i ! HELE
Berlin /bailin/ fh (德国 城市 ) PAO 。 field /fild/ n. HIF, Stl pSl
an (National reap hug /hag/n. & v.94; 搂抱 pS
ee . i) 人 ag, Mit int» tes i psl
SMV te 22] is .
本 Pee talk back 回路 ;项 只 psi
CBA (China Basketball Association) ， 、
中 国 篮球 协会 awful /‘o:fl/ adj. UAH; 讨厌 的 p.S1
< 中 国 nn, esRReRO p46 teen /tin/ n. 十 几 岁
: , (十 三 至 十 九 岁 之 间 ) psl
' RAW, HEHE
Chelsea/'tfelst/ Lanmon /‘lenmon/ regret /rigret/v RSH; HE ”PS1
切尔西 . 兰 曼 P.42 poem /psuImy/ n. HF; 韵文 p-51
Jayce /d3e1s/ Coziar /‘kouzia:/ bedroom /"bedru:m/ n. 卧室 p52
ASH . TE HEL paz community /ko'mju:noti/ 7. 社 区;
Jamie /dsermr Ellsworth /‘elzw3:(r)0/ 社团 p-S2
AK , 埃 尔 斯 沃 恩 p42 Keep away from 避免 接近 ; 远离 PS2
Julie /'d3u:li/ Thompson /‘tompsan/ chance /tfa:ns/, /tfeens/n. 机 会 ;
AAI «TEBE p-42 可 能 性 ps2
Whitcomb /‘witkom/ Judson /'d3adson/ make one’s own decision 自己 做 决定 p.S2
惠 特 科 姆 . 页 德 森 p42 manage /‘maenrd3/ v. 565% ( PAMENY
Thomas /'tomos/ Watson /'wotson/ Sh); 应付 (困难 局 面 ) P.S2
托马斯 . 沃 森 Pp.44 society /so'saroti/ n. #2 p.52

124)
unit /ju:nit/ n. ffi; Moc p.S2
educate /'edzukeit/v. 教育 ; A p.S2
get in the way of 挡 …… 的 路 ; Wit = p.S4
professional /pro'fefanl/ adj.

职业 的 ; 专业 的 p.54
enter /‘ento(r)/ v. 进来 ; 进去 p.54
support /solpox(r)t/v. & in. FF p.S4
Picasso /pr'kesou/, /pika:sou/

毕加索 ( 西班牙 画家 ) p.S0
Unit 8
truck /trak/n. 卡车 ; 货车 P.S7
rabbit /raebrt/ 1. 免 ; BPS P.S7
whose /hu:z/ adj. & pron. 谁 的 ;

〈 特 指 ) 那个 人 的 p.S7
attend /stend/ v. 出 席 ; 参加 p.58
valuable /‘veljuobl/ adj. 很 有 用 的 ;

宝贵 的 p.58
pink /pmyk/ adj. 粉红 色 的

n. 粉红 色 p.58
picnic /'prknik/ n. 野餐 p-58

somebody /'sambodi/, /'samba:di/

pron 某 人 ; 重要 人 物 P.S8
anybody /enibesdi/ /‘eniba:di/

pron. 任何 人 p.58
noise /noiz/ 7. 声音 ， 噪 音 p.S9
policeman /polliismon/ n. 32 — p.59
wolf /wulf/ n. i p.S9

laboratory /lo'boratri/, /lebroto:ri/
n. 实验 室

coat /keut/ 1. 外 套 ; 外 衣

sleepy /Slipi/ adj. 困倦 的 ;

p.60
p.60
lain) = p.60

Coe ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccoelOrds and Expressions in Each Unit。.。.。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

pocket /'pokit/, /‘paikit/n. «48;
口袋 p.60

alien /ellion/ n. 外 星人 p-61
suit /sju:t/, /su:t/n. pu; BX p.61
express /tk'spres/ v. 表示 ; 表达 p.62
not only .… but also 不 但 …… 而 且 p.62
circle /ss:(DkL n. 圆圈 也 圈 出 p.62
Britain /‘britn/ n. (= Great Britain)
KAI p.62
receive /ri'si:v/ v. 接受 ; 收 到 p.62
leader /'li:do(r)/ n. 领导; 领袖 p.62
midsummer /mid'sama(r)/ n.
仲夏 ; 中 夏 p.62
medical /medrkl/ adj. 医疗 的 ;
医学 的 p.62
prevent /pri'vent/v. PHIL; 阻挠 p.62
energy /‘eno(r)d3i/ 1. 精力 ; Jkt p.62
position /po'zifn/n. 位置; Wy ” p.62
burial /berisl/ n. 埋葬 ; WHE p.62
honor /pne/ /‘a:nor/ v. (= honour)
GH; ZEANWOR 1. RSE p.62

ancestor /‘ensesta(r)/ n. Haz; 祖先 p.62

victory /'viktori/ n. 胜利 ; 成 功 p.62
enemy /‘enomi/ 1. 敌人 ; 仇人 p.62
period /'proriod/ n. 一段 时 间 ; 时 期 p.62

mystery /mistri/ 7. 奥秘 ; 神秘 事物 p.64

Stonehenge /stounhend3/ 巨石 阵 。p.62

Carla /‘ka:(r)lo/ 卡拉 ( 女 名 ) P.S7
丁 K.Rowling /‘roulin/

丁 K. 罗 琳 (英国 作家 ) p.s7
Victor /'vikta(r)/ 维克托 ( 男 名 ) p59
Jean /d3imn/ Bx (4% ) p-60

1125)
Paul Stoker /'stouka(r)/

保罗 .斯 托 克 p.62
Unit 9
prefer /pri'fs:(r)/ v. 更 喜欢 P.65
lyrics /‘lurtks/ n. (pl.) 歌词 P.65
Australian /pstrellion, 9:'streilion/

adj. 澳大利亚 的 ; 澳大利亚 人 的

n. 澳大利亚 人 p-66
electronic /1lek'trontk/, /1,lek'tra:ntk/

adj. 电子 的 ; 电子 设备 的 p.66
suppose /so'pouz/ v. 推断 ; 料想 p.66

smooth /smu:6/ adj. 平滑 的 ; 悦耳 的 p.66
spare /speo/, /sper/ adj. 空闲 的 ;

不 用 的 p.66
case /keIs/ n. 情况 ; 实情 p.66
in that case 既然 那样 ;假使 那样 的 话 p.66
war /wox(r)/ 7 战争; 战争 状态 p-66
director /do'rekto, dar'rekta(r)/ n.

导演 ;部 门 负责 p.66
dialogue /darelpg/ /‘datola:g/ n.

(=dialog) 对 话 ; 对 白 p.67
documentary /dokju'mentri/,

/da:kju'mentri/ n. 纪录 片 p.67
drama /‘dra:mo/ n. x&; 剧 p.67
plenty /'plenti/ pron. Kit; 众多 —_-p.67
plenty of 大 量 ; 充足 p.67

shut /fat/ v. (shut, shut) 关闭 ; 关上 p.67

superhero /'su:pa(r)hiorou/ n.

超级 英雄 p.67
horror /hpre/ /‘ho:ror/ n. 震惊 ;

恐惧 p.67
thriller /‘Orilo(r)/ n.

惊险 电影 (小 说 、 戏 剧 ) p.67

@

sovcccccccccoccelords and Expressions in Each Unitsscccceccccccccccccccccccccscccccscccccce

intelligent /in'telidzont/ adj.

有 才智 的 ; 聪明 的 p.68
sense /sens/ v. 感觉 到 ; 意识 到

n. 感觉 ;意识 p.70
pain /permy 1. 痛苦 ; 苦恼 p.70
reflect /ri'flekt/ v. 反映 ; Wet p.70
perform /po(r)'for(r)m/ v. 表演 ;

执行 P.70
amazing /o'merzin/ adj. 令 人 惊奇 的 ;

令 人 惊喜 的 P.70
pity /'prti/ n. wt; Heid p.70
total /‘toutl/n. 总数 ; 合计

adj. 总 的 ; 全 体 的 p.70
in total 总 共 ; 合计 p-70
master /ma:ste/ /maester/

nfigF; 主人 ve Sede p.70
praise /preiz/v. &n. #44; 赞扬 p.70
national /‘nefnol/ adj. 国家 的 ;

民族 的 p.70
recall /riko:l/ v. 回忆 起 ; 回想 起 p.70
wound /wuind/ n. fi; 伤口 ; 创伤 p.70
World War II 第 二 次 世界 大 战 p.66
Titanic /tar'teentk/

《泰坦 尼克 号 》( 电影 名 ) p.67

Carmen /'ka:(r)men,
Dan /den/ Dervish
丹 . 德 维 什

Unit 10
custom /kkAstemy n.

bow /bau/ 鞠躬

kiss /kis/v. & n. 32; 接吻

/卡门 (4%) p66

/'‘dsx(ryvif/
p.66
风俗 ; 习俗  p.73
p.73
p.73
greet /grit/ v. 和 …… 打 招呼 ; 迎接 p.74
value /‘veelju:/ v. 重视 ;珍视

n. 价值 p-75
everyday /'evridet/ adj. 每 天 的 ;

日 常 的 p.75
drop by 顺便 访问 ;随便 进入 p.75
capital /‘kepitl/n. 首都 ;国都 p.75
noon /nu:n/ n. 正午 ; 中 午 p.75
mad /med/ adj. 很 生气 ; PHY p.75
get mad 大 动 肝 火 ; 气愤 p.7S
make an effort 作出 努力 p.75
traffic /‘treefik/ n. 交通 ;

路 上 行驶 的 车 辆 p.75
somewhere /SAmwes/ /'samwer/

adv. 在 某 处 ; 到 某 处 P.75
passport /'pa:spoit/, /‘peespo:rt/

n. 护照 p.76
chalk /tfo:k/ n. 粉笔 p.76
blackboard /"blakbo:(r)d/n. "4K _p.76
northern /'no:(r)d0(r)n/

adj. 北方 的 ; 北部 的 p-76
coast /koust/ n. iit; 海滨 p.76
season /'si:zn/n. 2; 季节 p.76
knock /npk/ /na:k/ v. fig; 击 p.76
eastern /‘i:sta(r)n/ adj. 东方 的 ;

东部 的 p.76
worth /w3:(r)0/ adj. 值得 ;

有 …… 价 值 (的 ) p-76
manner /maene(T)/ 17. 方式 ; 方法

(pl.) 礼 狐 ;礼仪 p.76
empty /‘empti/ adj. 空 的 ; 空洞 的 p.77
basic /bersIk/ adj. 基本 的 ; 基础 的 _p.78
exchange /iks't{ernd3/n. & v. 交换 p.78
go out of one’s way

特地 ;， 格外 努力 p.78

Coe ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccoelOrds and Expressions in Each Unit。.。.。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

make ... feel at home

使 ( 某 人 ) 感到 宾至如归 p.78
granddaughter /'graendo:ta(r)/ n.

(Sb) 孙女 p.78
behave /brherv/ v. 表现 ; 举止 p.78
except /tk'sept/ prep. 除 …… 之 外

conj. BRT; 只 是 p.78
elbow /'elbou/ n. Jit; SAE p.78
gradually /'graed3uoli/

adv. 逐步 地 ; 渐进 地 p.78
suggestion /so'd3estfon/ n. 建议 p.80
Brazil /bro'zil/ 巴西 p.73
Mexico /'meksikou/ 墨西哥 p-73
Cali /‘ka:li/ 卡 利 〈 哥 伦比 亚 城市 )  p.75
Colombia /kelambre/

哥伦比亚 〈 南 美洲 国家 ) P.75
Lausanne /lou'zen/, /lou'za:n/

洛桑 (瑞士 城市 ) p.75
Norway /‘no:(r)wer/ 挪威 p.76
Maria /mari'e/ 玛丽 亚 ( 女 名 ) p-74
Katie /‘kerti/ SLAF ( 女 名 ) p.74
Sato /'sarto/ eile 〈 日 本 姓氏 ) p.74
Marie /movri:/, /‘ma:ri/

玛丽 ( 女 名 ); 马里 ( 男 名 ) p.74

Teresa /ta'ri:za/, /to'ri:so/
Lopez /‘loupez/ eri «HT -p.75
Marc /ma:(r)k/ LeBlanc /lo'bla:y/

马克 . HAD p.75
Unit 11
the more ... the more it------ 越 …… ;

愈 seeeee 愈 seeeee P. 82
leave out 不 包括 ; 不 提 及 ; 忽略 p.82

1127)
sovcccccccccoccelords and Expressions in Each Unitsscccceccccccccccccccccccccscccccscccccce

friendship /frendfrp/ n. 友谊 ; 友情 p.82 agreement /o'gri:mont/ n.

king /kin/ 1. 君主 ;国王 p.83 (意见 或 看 法 ) — Bs TARE p.86
prime /praim/ adj. F221; HORI p.83 fault /folt/ 7 过失; 缺点 p.86
minister /‘minista(r)/. Ahi; 部 长 p.83 disappoint /diso'point/ v. 使 失望 p.87
prime minister 首相 ;， 大臣 p.83

fame /ferm/n. 47%; 声誉 p83 Bert /bax(r)t/ {it (8% ) p-82
pale /perl/ a 丰 苍白 的 ; 灰白 的 p83 Holly /holi/, /ha:li/ WHI ( 女 各 ) p84
queen /kwimy 1. 王后 ; 女王 p.83

examine /1g'zaemin/ (仔细 地 ) 检查 ; Unit 12

检验 P.83 backpack /‘bakpak/n. #4;

nor /no:(r)/ conj. & adv. 也 不 p-83 旅行 包 p89
neither... nor 既 不 …… 也 不 p-83

oversleep /auva(r)'sli:p/

palace /'pelos/n. FA; ‘FUR p-83 (overslept /auva(r)slept/, overslept)
power /Paus(D)/ 站 权利 ; 力量 P83 pty. 睡 得 大 久 p89
财富 ; 富裕
vn BS TE P83 give... alift 8 (SEA) 一 各 p90
erin “ ‘ 本 =) 队 沉 的 miss /mis/ v. 错过; 未 得 到 pol
BEY; ZRH P84 unexpected /AnIkspektrd/ adj.

lemon /lemon/ n. 柠檬 p.84 om

. 出 乎 意料 的 ; 始 料 不 及 的 p91
cancel /‘keensl/ v. 取消 ; Aik p.84 _.

7 block /blok/, /bla:k/ n. #7 pal
weight /weit/n. 重量 ;分量 p.86 ker /' key 二 工作 者
shoulder /fouldo(r)/n. ff; BR p86 MOREE WSCKOC)/ 下 工作 者 :

TA p91

goal /goul/n. 2k]; 射门 ; 目标 p.86
coach /keutf/ 7 教练 ; 私人 教师 p.86 ， .
kick /kik/ v.38}; Be p.86 disbelief /drsbrli:f/ 7 不信 ; (PEE p.91
teammate /'ti:mert/ n. 同 队 队 员 ; above /o'bav/ adv. 在 上 面 ; 向 上 征
队友 p.86 Prep. fe ETB p91
burn /b3:(r)n/ v. (burnt /b3:(r)nt/,

stare /steo/, /ster/v. 盯 着 看 ; 凝视 p91

courage /‘karid3/, /kasirId3/

n. 勇敢 ， 勇 气 p86 burned /b3:(r)nd/;
rather /'ra:60/, /‘reedor/ adv. 宁愿 ; burnt, burned) 着 火 ; 燃烧 p.91
相当 p.86 alive /olaiv/adj. 活着 ; 有 生气 的 p91
rather than 而 不 是 p.86 take o 企 (飞机 等 ) 起 飞 ; 匆忙 离开 p.91
pull /pul/v 拉 ; Hi P86 till /til/ conj. & prep. 到 ; 直到 p91
pulltogether 齐心 协力 ; 通力 合作 p86 west /west/ adv. mpi; 朝 西
relief /rr'li:f/ n. 轻松 ;解脱 p.86 adj. 向 西 的 ; 西部 的
nod /npd/ /na:d/ v. 点 头 p.86 n. 西 ; 西方 P.91

1128)
Coe ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccoelOrds and Expressions in Each Unit。.。.。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

cream /kri:m/ n. 奶油 ; 乳脂 p92 bottom /bptem/ /‘ba:tom/n.
boss/bps/, /bo:s/ n. 老板; 领导 p.92 底部 ;最 下 部 p.97
pie /par/ 1. 果 馅 饼 ; 果 馅 派 p.92 fisherman /'fifo(r)mon/ 7. 渔民 ;
course Pkoxs)s/ 1. 课程 p.92 钓鱼 的 人 p.97
bean /bimy/ 1. G; BIE p92 coal /koul/n. HE; 煤 块 p.98
market /'ma:(r)kit/n. 134; 集 市 ”p.92 public /‘pablik/ adj. 公众 的 ; 公共 的
costume /'kpstju:m/, /ka:stumy n. n. 民众 ; 百姓 P.98
服装 ;装束 p.93 ugly /‘agli/ adj. 丑陋 的 ;难看 的 p.98
embarrassed /Imbaerest/ adj. advantage /od'va:ntid3/, /od'veentid3/
的 ; 害羞 的 p.93 n. 优点 ; 有 利 条 件 p.98
announce /snauns/ 宣布 ; 宣告 p.94 cost /kost/, /koist/ v. 花费
spaghetti /spo'geti/n. 意大利 面条 —p.94 n. FER; 价钱 p.98
hoax /houks/ n. 骗局， 恶作剧 p94 wooden /'wudn/ adj. 木 制 的 ; 木头 的 p.98
discovery /drskAveri/ n. 发 现 ; plastic /'plestik/ adj. 塑料 的
发 觉 p.94 n. 塑料 ;塑胶 p.98
lady /lerdi/ 7 女士 ; 女子 p.94 makeadifference 有 关系 ， 作 用 ， 影 响
officer /'ofiso/, /‘a:fisor/n. p.98
军官 ; 官员 P.94 shark /fa:(r)k/ n. 鲨鱼 p.99
believable /br'li:vabl/ adj. fin /fin/ n.( 44) SF p.99
可 相信 的 ; 可 信任 的 p.95 cut off 割 掉 ; 区 所 p.99
embarrassing /1m'berasin/ adj. method /mebsd/ 7. 方法 ; 措施 p.99

BONY OHM) p.95 — cruel /‘kru:ol/ adj. 残酷 的 ; RAM p99
harmful /‘ha:(r)mfl/ adj. 有 害 的 _p.99

New Zealand /njurzitlond/ 新 西 兰 p91 chain /tfem/n. f+; 链条 p.99
Italy /rteli/ 意大利 P.94 ecosystem /‘i:kousistom/
Mars /ma:(r)z/ 火星 p.94 n. 生态 系统 p.99
low /lou/ a 丰 (数量 等 ) 减少 的 ;
Carl /kax(r)l/ 卡尔 ( 男 名 ) p.90 低 的 ; 矮 的 P.99
Orson /o:(T)sen/ Welles /welz/ industry /‘indostri/n. 工业; 行业 p.99
奥 森 . 韦 尔 斯 Pp.94 law /lox/ 1. 法律; 法 规 p.99
reusable /ri:ju:zobl/ adj.
Unit 13 可 重复 使 用 的 ; 可 再 次 使 用 的 p.100
litter /lirte(rD)/ v. 乱 扔 afford /s'fo:(r)d/ v. 承担 得 起 ( 后
1. 垃圾 ;废弃 物 p.97 果 ); 买 得 起 p.100
soccccccccccoccelords and Expressions in Each Unitssccccecccccccccccccccccccccsccccccccccccs

transportation /treenspo:(r)'terfn/ n. instruction /1n'strakfn/ n. 指示 ;
运输 业 ;， 交通 运输 p.100 命令 p-106
recycle /ri"saikl/ v. 回收 利用 ; double /dAbl/ v. 加 倍 ; 是 …… 的 两 倍
利 p-101 adj. 两 倍 的 ; 加 倍 的 p.106
napkin /‘nepkin/ 7 餐巾; 餐巾 纸 p.101 shall /fal, fol/ modal v. 将 要 ; 将 会 p.106
upside down 颠倒 ; 倒转 p-102 overcome /auvo(r)kam/ v.
gate /gert/n. 大 门 p.102 (overcame /auva(r)'kerm/,
bottle /botl/, /‘ba:tl/ n. jifi; 瓶子 p.102 overcome) 克服 ; 战胜 p.107
president /'prezidont/n. 负责 人 ; make a mess 弄 得 一 团 精 ， 一 塌 糊 涂 p.107
主席 ;总 统 p.102 graduate /'graedzuert/ v. 毕业 ;
inspiration /imspo'rerfn/ n. 灵感 ; 获得 学 位 p.107
鼓舞 人 心 的 人 《或 事物 ) p.102 keep one’s cool 沉 住 气 ; (RASH p.107
metal /metl/ 六 金属 P.102 ours /'ava(r)z/ pron. 我 们 的 p.107
creativity /kriertivati/ n. OE; senior /'sisnia(t)/ adj. 285} (或 地 位 )
独创 性 p.102 高 的 p.108
senior high (school) 高 中 p.108
WildAid / warlderd/ text /tekst/n. iC; 文本 p-108
野生 救援 协会 ( 关 国 ) P9? level /levl/ n. fils ATF p.108
WWE (World Wide Fund For Nature) degree /di'grit/ n.(k%) 学 位 ;
世界 自然 基金 会 p.99 本
度数 ;程度 P.109
manager /'meenid3a(r)/ n. AFH;
Mark /ma:(r)k/ 马克 (8% ) p-97 |
Jason /d5ersen/ BA (HY, ) p.98 经 党 前 p.109
Ken /ken/ #} (8% ) p.100 believe in 信任 ;信赖 p.109
Hayes /herz/ v8 (i) p.102 gentleman /‘d3entlmon/n. 先生” p.110

i ， bb
Jessica /dgestko/ Asi (4%) P102 Stadvation /gredguerfn/ 站 毕业 p.110
ceremony /'seromoni/, /'seromouni/

Unit 14 四 典礼 ;仪式 p.110

survey /'s3:(r)ver/ n. 调查 p.105 congratulate /kon'gretfuleit/ v.

standard /'steendo(r)d/ 祝贺 p.110
n 标准 ;水平 p.105 thirsty /'0s:(r)sti/ adj. 口 渴 的 ;

row /rou/ n. 一 排 ; 一 列 ; 一 行 p.105 Wes) p.110

in arow 连续 几 次 地 p.105 none /nan/ pron. 没有 一 个 ; 毫 无 p.110

keyboard /ki'bo:(T)d/ n. 琴键; task /taisk/, /teesk/ 71. 任务; 工作 p.110
键盘 p.l0s ahead /ahed/ adv. 向 前 面 ; 在 前 面 p.110

&
eoeccccccccccvcccccccccccccccccccccccccoelords and Expressions in Each Unit。.。.。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

responsible /r1'sponsobl/, wing /wuy/ n. 翅膀 ; 3 p-lll
/ri'spainsobl/adj.
承担 责任 ;有 责任 P.110 Brian /'braron/ 布 赖 恩 ( 男 名 ) p.106
be responsible for 对 …… 有 责任 ; Luke /lu:k/ 卢 克 ( 男 名 ) p-106
负责 任 P.110 — Griffin /grrfmy/ 格 里 芬 ( 姓 ) p-106
separate /'seporert/ adj. 单独 的 ; Trent /trent/ 特 伦 特 ( 姓 ) p-108

分 离 的 分 开 ; 分 离 p.110
eccccccccscccce Vocabulary Index ceeccccccccccccccccccccccvccccccccccsvecccccccesccescces:

Vocabulary Index

CHE: 在 本 此 表 中 ， 重 点 词汇 用 黑体 标 出 。
在 英 式 发 音 和 美式 发 音 有 区 别 时 , 英 式 发 音 在 前 , 美式 发 音 在 后 。)

A attend /o'tend/ v. 出 席 ; Bh p-58

ability /a'biloti/ n. fg; 才能 p.6 attention /stenfn/ 1. 注意 ; SIE —p.6

above /sbAv/ adv. 在 上 面 ; 向 上 面 Australian /p'streilion, 9:'strerlion/
prep. 在 …… 上 面 P.91 adj. 澳大利亚 的 ; 澳大利亚 人 的

absent /aebsent/ adj. 缺席 ; 不 在 p.30 1. 澳大利亚 人 p.66

active /‘ektrv/ adj. TREK; FARM p.6 — avoid /o'vord/ v. eS; 回避 p.3S

address /adres/ /‘zedres/ n. 住址 ; awful /oxfl/ adj. “8461; HIRI = pSl
地 址 ; 通讯 处 p.22

admire /ad'mara(r)/ v. 欣赏 ; MSE p.1l B
advantage /advaintid3/, /advantrd3/ background /"bekgraund/ n. #75 p.27

由 优点; 有 利 条 件 p98 backpack /'bekpek/ n. 背包 ;
afford a dy 尺 承 担 得 起 (后 旅行 包 p.89
果 )， 买 得
; 买 得 起 P-100 balloon /bo'lu:n/ 1. 气球 p.38

We /sgriimaent/ n.

basic /'berstk/ adj. 基本 的 ; 基础 的 _p.78
(意见 或 看 法 ) 一 致 ， 同 意 p-86

basket /'ba:skit/, /‘beskit/

ahead /ahed/ adv. 向 前 面 ; 在 前 面 p.110 nfs 全 46
alien elian 下 外 时 人 pél bathroom / tba:Oru:m/ /bx@ru:m/
alive /allaiv/adj. 活着 ;有 生气 的 p.91 并 annem

all ofa sudden 突然 ; 猛 地 p44 nes; 洗手 间 P.18

be proud of +--+ it; BIAS p30

aloud /elaud/ adv. 大 声 地; 出 声 地 p.2
be responsible for 对 ……: 有 责任 ;

amazing /o'meizin/ adj. 令 人 惊奇 的 ;

令 人 惊喜 的 p.70 负责 任 p.110
ancestor /‘ansesta(r)/n. #58; 祖先 p.62 bean /bi:n/n. 豆 ; U3 p.92
announce /a'nauns/ v. 宣布 ; 宣告 p.94 bedroom /‘bedru:m/n. 卧室 p52
ant /zent/ n. 蚂蚁 p.29 behave /brherv/ v. 表现 ; 举止 p.78
anybody /'enibadi/, /‘eniba:di/ believable /brli:vabl/ adj.

pron. 任何 人 Pp.S8 可 相信 的 ; 可 信任 的 p.95
Asian /erfn, 'er3n/ adj. 亚洲 的 ; believe in 信任 ; 信赖 P.109

亚洲 人 的 元 亚洲 人 p.27 ”biscuit /brskrt/ 1. 饼干 p.44

1132)
OPO e errr scree eseceseeeeeeeereeeseeseseseeeseeseeoseeee® Vocabulary Index 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

blackboard /'blakbo:(r)d/n. 4 =p.76 central /'sentrol/ adj. tt);

block /blpk/ /bla:k/ 和 街区 p91 中 央 的 p.20
blouse /blauz/, /blaus/ n. ceremony /'seromoni/, /'seromouni/

( 女 式 ) 短 上 衣 ; 衬衫 p.33 n. 典礼; 仪式 p.110
bottle /bptl/ /‘ba:tl/ n. fi; 瓶子 p.102 chain /tfem/n. fF; 链条 p.99
boarding /bo:(rD)dm/ school chalk /tfork/ n. 粉笔 p-76

寄宿 学 校 P.30 chance /tfans/ /taens/ n. HLA;
boil /borl/ v. 煮沸 ; 烧 开 p.43 可 能 性 p.S2
bookstore /'buksto:(r)/ n. 书店 P.17 chemistry /‘kemustri/ 刀 .化 学 p4
boss/bps/, /bo:s/n. 老板 ; 领导 p.92 choice /tfors/ 7 选择 ; 挑选 P.22
bottom /bptem/ /‘ba:tom/n. chopstick /'t{opstik/, /'t{a:pstik/ n.

底部 ; 最 下 部 p.97 RT p.33
bow /bau/ v. 鞠躬 p-73. Christmas /'krismos/n. 圣诞 节 p.l4
brain /brein/ n. 大 脑 p-6 circle /'ss:(r)kI/ n. [APa| v. Pelt p.62
brand /braend/ n. 品牌; 牌子 p35 clay/kler/n. #j+-; bit. p.38
Britain /‘britn/ n. (= Great Britain) clerk /kla:k/, /kl3irk/ n. 职员 p.21

大 不 列 颠 p62 coach /koutf/ 7 教练; 私人 教师 p.86
British /‘britif/ adj. 英国 的 ; coal /keul/ n. 煤 ; 煤 块 P.98

英国 人 的 P.28 coast /koust/n. 海岸 ; 海滨 p.76
burial /'beriol/ n. 埋葬 ;安葬 p-62 coat /kout/n. 外套; 外 衣 p.60
burn /b3:(r)n/ v. (burnt /b3:(r)nt/, coin /koin/ 1. 硬币 p.33

burned /bs:(r)nd/; community /ko'mjuinoti/ 1. 社区;

burnt, burned) 着 火 ; 燃烧 p.91 社团 p-S2
business /'biznos/n. 2%; 商业 ”p.14 competitor /kom'petito(r)/ n.
by accident 偶然 ; 意外 地 p.43 BRE; TERR p.37
by mistake 错误 地 ;无 意 中 p.45 complete /kom'plitt/ v. 完成 p-38

congratulate /kon'gratfulett/ v.
C 祝贺 p-110
Canadian /ko'nerdion/ adj. 加 拿 大 的 ; connect ... with

加 拿 大 人 的 1. 加 拿 大 人 p.46 把 …… 和 …… 连 接 或 联系 起 来 p.6
cancel /'kensl/ v. 取消 ; 终止 p-84 connect /ko'nekt/ v.
cap /kep/n.( JURA) 帽子 p.36 〈 使 ) 连接 ;与 …… 有 联系 p.6
capital /‘keprtl/n. 首都 ; 国都 p-75 convenient /kon'virniont/ adj.
case /kers/n. 情况 ;实情 p.66 MERAY; Dr HEA p.21

1133)
conversation /konvo'se1fn/,

/kamvor'serfn/ 1. 交谈 ; PA _p.2

cookie /kuki/ n. 曲 奇 饼 p.44
corner /‘ko:(r)na(r)/n. Hifi; 角落 p.21
correct /ko'rekt/ adj. 正确 的 ;

恰当 的 P.22
cost /kbpst/ /ko:st/ v. 花费

n. 花费 ; 价钱 p.98
costume /‘kpstju:m/, /‘ka:stu:m/ n.

服装 ; BEE p.93

cotton /‘kotn/, /'ka:tn/ n. Hi; 棉花 p.33
courage /‘karid3/, /‘ks:r1d3/

n. 勇敢 ;勇气 P.86
course /ko:(r)s/ n. 课程 p.92
cream /kri:m/ 1. 奶油 ; 乳脂 p.92
creativity /kri:ertrvoti/ n. 创造 力 ;

独创 性 p.102
crispy /‘krispi/ adj. eli); 酥脆 的 p.45
cry /krat/v. &n. He; 叫喊 p51
custom /‘kastom/ n. 风俗 ; 习俗 p-73
customer /'kastoma(r)/ n. 顾客 ;

客户 p.45
D
daily /derli/ adj. 每 日 的 ; HAM p42
dare /deo/, /der/ v. 敢于 ; 胆敢 p.27
dead /ded/ adj. EIN; 失去 生命 的 p.14
deal with 对 付 ; 应 付 p.27
degree /drgri:/n.( KE) 学 位 ;

度数 ; 程度 P.109
dessert /di'zs:(r)t/ 1.( 饭 后 ) 甜点 ;

甜食 P.11
dialogue /darelpg/ /darela:g/ n.

(=dialog) 对 话 ; 对 白 p.67

1134)

eccccccccscccce Vocabulary Index ceeccccccccccccccccccccccvccccccccccsvecccccccesccescces:

direct /do'rekt, dar'rekt/ adj. 直接 的 ;

直率 的 p.22
direction /derekfn, dar'rek{n/

n. Fri]; 方位 p.22
director /do'rekto, dar'rekta(r)/ n.

导演 ; 部门 负责 p.66
disappoint /diso'point/ v. 使 失望 p.87
disbelief /disbrli:f/n. 不信; PEE p.91

discover /di'skavo(r)/ v. 发 现 ; 发 觉 p.3
discovery /di'skavori/n. 发 现 ;

发 觉 p.94
divide ... into 把 …… 分 开 p.46
divide /di'vaid/ v. 分 开 ; 分 散 p-46
documentary /dokju'mentri/,

/da:kjulmentri/ n. 纪录 片 p.67

double /‘dabl/ 7 加倍 ; fe 的 两 倍
adj. 两 倍 的 ; 加 倍 的 p.106
doubt /daut/ n. 82%; 疑问 ve BE p.43
drama /'dra:mo/ n. 戏 ; 剧 p.67
drop by 顺便 访问 ; 随便 进入 p.75

E
earring /rerm/ /mm/ n. 36; 耳 饰 p.S0

earthquake /s:(T)9kwerk/m. 地 震 。 p.44
east /ist/ adj. 东方 的 ; 东部 的

adv. 向 东 ; WAR AR; 东方 p.20
eastern /iiste(T)n/ adj. 东方 的 ;

东部 的 p.76
ecosystem /‘i:kousistom/

n. 生态 系统 P.99
educate /'ed3ukert/v. 教育 ; 教导 p.S2
elbow /elbsu/ n. Jit; AE p-78

electricity /ilek'trisoti/n. 电 ; 电能 p.42
electronic /rlek'tronik/, /1lek'tra:ntk/
adj. 电子 的 ; 电子 设备 的 p.66

embarrassed /1m'beerost/ adj.

Faw; 害羞 的 p.93
embarrassing /1m'berasin/ adj.

使 人 害羞 的 〈 难堪 的 或 断 愧 的 )  p.95
empty /‘empti/ adj. 空 的 ; 空洞 的 p.77
enemy /'enomi/n. BA; 做 人 p.62
energy /‘ena(r)d3i/n. 精力 ; Frit p.62
enter /'ento(r)/ v. 进来 ; 进去 p.54
European /ju(9)ro'pizon/

adj. KOMEN; 欧洲 人 的 p28

eve /ivV/1.( 尤 指 宗教 节假日 的 ) HY ;

前 夜 P.14
even though 虽然 ; 即使 P.35
everyday /'evridet/ adj. 每 天 的 ;

日 常 的 p.7S
exactly /Igzaktli/ adv. 确切 地 ;

精确 地 p.30
examination /1gzemrne1fn/

n. 考试 ; 审查 p.30
examine /1g'zaemin/ (仔细 地 ) 检查 ;

检验 p.83
except /tk'sept/ prep. 除 …… 之 外

conj. BRI; 只 是 p.78
exchange /iks't{ernd3/n. & v. 交换 p.78
express /1k'spres/ v. 表示 ; 表达 p.62
expression /1k'sprefn/ n.

表达 (方式 ); 表示 p3
F
fail /ferl/v. 失败 ; 未 能 (做 到 ) p.30
fairy /‘feori/, /'feri/ tale /te1l/

童话 故事 p.38
faithfully /‘ferOfoli/ adv. 忠实 地 ;

忠诚 地 p.24

OPO e errr scree eseceseeeeeeeereeeseeseseseeeseeseeoseeee® Vocabulary Index 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

fallinlove with 爱 上 ; 与 …… 相 爱 pd

fame /ferm/n. 名 声 ; 声誉 p.83
fascinating /'feesmnertin/ adj.

迷人 的 ; 极 有 吸引 力 的 p21
fault /fo:lt/n. te; 缺点 p.86
field /fi:ld/ n. 田野 ; 场地 p51
fisherman /‘fifo(r)mon/ n. 渔民 ;

钓鱼 的 人 p.97
folk /fouk/ adj. FAIA; 民众 的 P.11
fool /fu:l/n. ZA; 傻瓜 愚弄

adj. 愚蠢 的 p.14
fork /fo:(Dk/ 7. 餐 又 ;又 子 p.33
form /fo:(r)m/ n. Jest; 类 型 p.38
France /fra:ns/, /freens/ 法 国 p35
fridge /frid3/ n. 冰箱 p.44

friendship /‘frendfip/ n. 友谊; 友情 p.82

from time to time 时 常 ， 有 时 p.26
G
garden /ga:(T)dn/ 1. 花园 ; FI P.11
gate /gert/n. 大 门 p.102
general /'d3enrol/ adj. 普遍 的 ;

常规 的 ; 总 的 REE p.32

gentleman /‘d3entlmon/n. 先生” p.110

Germany /'d33:(r)moni/ 德国 p.36
get in the way of 挡 :……: 的 路 ; Witt p.S4
get mad 大 动 肝火 ; 气愤 p.75
ghost /goaust/ n. HL; Yai p.13
give... alift HH (SEA) 一 程 p.90
glass /gla:s/, /glas/ n. 玻璃 p33
glove /glav/n.( F489) FE p36
go out of one’s way

特地 ; 格外 努力 p.78
goal /goul/n. BR]; 射门 ; 目标 p.86
goddess /gpdes/ /'ga:dos/n. 4 p.11
gradually /'graedzuoli/

adv. 逐步 地 ; 渐进 地 p.78
graduate /‘graed3ueit/ v. 毕业 ;
获得 学 位 p.107

graduation /gred3u'erfn/n. 42h p.110
grammar /'greemo(r)/ 7. 语 法 p3
granddaughter /'greendo:ta(r)/ n.

(Sb) 孙女 p.78
grandson /‘grensan/n. 孙子 ; 外 孙 p.31

grape /greIp/ 亏 葡 萄 p.20
grass /grais/,/gras/n. Hi; Fish p.34

greet /grist/v. 和 …… 打 招呼 ; 迎接 p.74
grey /grei/ a 夏 (天空 ) 阴沉 的 ;

昏暗 的 ; 灰色 的 p.84
guard /ga:(r)d/n. 警卫; 看守
v. 守卫 ; 保卫 p.27

H
handbag /‘hendbeg/ n. 小 手提 包 —_p.35
haunted /‘hointid/ adj. 有 鬼魂 出 没 的 ;

Wid LAY p.13
heat /hi:t/n. #4; 高 温 p-38
heel /hi:l/ n. BERR; 足 跟 p.42
helpful /‘helpfl/adj. 有 用 的 ;

有 帮助 的 p.26
hero /hrereu/ /‘hirou/ n. 英雄 ;

男 主 p.46
hoax /houks/ n. 骗局 ;恶作剧 p.94
honor /pne/ /‘a:nor/ v. (= honour)

重 ; 表示 敬意 1. Hey p.62

horror /‘hora/, /‘ho:ror/ n. 震惊 ;
Re p.67
hug /hag/n. & v. 拥抱 ;搂抱 p-Sl

1136)

eccccccccscccce Vocabulary Index ceeccccccccccccccccccccccvccccccccccsvecccccccesccescces:

humorous /‘hju:moros/ adj.

有 幽默 感 的 ; THA A EBAY p.26
I
in arow 连续 几 次 地 p.105
in person #4; 亲自 p.30
in that case 既然 那样 ; 假使 那样 的 话 p.66

in total 总 共 ; 合计 p.70

increase /in'kri:s/ v. 增加 ;增长 p.s

industry /‘indostri/n. 工业 ; 行业 p.99
influence /‘influons/ v. & n. #1" ~—_-p.30
insect /'Insekt/ n. 昆虫 p.29
inspiration /;mspo'rerfn/ n. 灵感 ;

鼓舞 人 心 的 人 【或 事物 ) p.102
instruction /in'strakfn/ n. 指示 ;

命令 p-106
instrument /‘Instroment/ n. 器 械 ;

仪器 ; 工具 p.44
intelligent /in'telidzont/ adj.

有 才智 的 ; 聪明 的 p.68
international /nto(r)nefnol/

adj. 国际 的 p.37

interview /‘Into(r)vju:/ v. 采访 ; 面试
n. 面试 ;访谈 P.27

introduction /mtrsdAkfn/ 7 介绍 p.32

its /rts/ adj. 它 的 p.38
K
keep away from 避免 接近 ; 远离 P.S2

keep one’s cool 沉 住 气 ; 保持 冷静 “p.107
keyboard /'ki:bo:(r)d/ n. 24;

键盘 p-105
kick /kik/ v. BA; Hit p.86
king /kin/n. HE; 国王 p.83
kiss /kis/v. & 1. 581); 接吻 p-73
knock /npk/ /na:k/ v. fk; 击 p.76
knowledge /‘nolid3/, /‘na:lid3/ n.

知识 ; 学 问 p.6
L
laboratory /ls'boratri/, /‘lebroto:ri/

n. 实验 室 p.60
lady /lerdi/ 7 女士; 女子 p.94

lantern /‘lenta(r)n/ 1. 灯笼 p9
law /lo:/ n. 法律; 法 规 p.99
lay /ler v. (laid /le1d/, laid)

放置 ; 安放 ; °° (ON); F (Ae) pall

lay out 摆 开 ; 布置 P.11
leader /‘li:da(r)/ n. 领导 ; 领袖 p.62
leaf /li:f/ n. (pl. leaves /li:vz/)

Hh; 叶子 p.34
leave out 不 包括 ; 不 提 及 ; 忽略 p.82
lemon /‘lemon/ n. 柠檬 p.84
level /‘levl/ n. 标准 ; 水 平 P.108
license /larsns/m. (= licence) ii;

证 件 p.49
lie /lar v. (lay /let/, lain /lem/)

SP Aiti; Zb-F p.14
lift /Inft/ v. 举 起 ; Hrs pS
list /list/ v. 列表 ; 列 清 单

n. 名 单 ; 清单 p.42
litter /‘I1to(r)/ v. 乱 扔

n. 垃圾 ; 废弃 物 p.97
lively /Narvli/ adj. 生气 勃勃 的 ;

(色彩 ) 鲜艳 的 p.38
local /leukl/ adj. 当地 的 ; 本 地 的 p.35
lock /lpk/ /laky v. 锁 上 ; BIE P.44
look up to 钦 修 ;仰慕 P.46

eeeeeseeeseeeesoeeosoeoeoseeesoeoeoseoeoeseoeoeoeosoeeosoeeoeoeeseeeeeeeeee。se。。 Vocabulary Index 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

low /lou/ a 丰 (数量 等 ) 减少 的 ;

低 的 ; 矮 的 p.99
lyrics /Triks/ n. (pl.) 歌词 p.65
M
mad /mad/ adj. 很 生气 ; 疯 的 p.75
mail /merl/ v. 邮寄 ; 发 电子 邮件

n. 邮件 ;信件 p.20
make ... feel at home

使 ( 某 人 ) 感到 宾至如归 p.78
make a difference 有 关系 ， 作 用 ， 影 响

p.98
make a mess 弄 得 一 团 糟 ， 一 塌 糊 涂 p.107
make an effort 作出 努力 p.75
make one’s own decision 自己 做 决定 p.S2
mall /mo:l/ n. 商场 ;购物 中 心 P.21
manage /‘meenid3/ v. 完成 (困难 的

事 );， 应付 (困难 局 面 ) P.S2
manager /'meenid3a(r)/ n. AFH;

经 营 者 P.109
manner /maene(T)/ 1. 方式 ; 方法

(pl.) 礼 狐 ;礼仪 p.76

market /'ma:(r)kit/ n. JH; 集 市 。”p.92

master /'maisto/, /maester/

nfigF; 主人 ve Sede P.70
material /matrerisl/ 7. 材料 ; 原料 p.33
medical /‘medikl/ adj. 医疗 的 ;

医学 的 p62
mention /'menfn/ v. 提 到 ; 说 到 —_p.42
metal /metl/ 7. 金属 p.102
midsummer /,mid'samo(r)/ n.

仲夏 ; 中 夏 p.62

minister /‘minista(r)/ 1. KEL; 部 长 p.83
miss /mis/ v. 错过 ; 未 得 到 P.91

1137)
mobile /moeuball/ /‘moubl/ adj.
可 移动 的 ; 非 固定 的 p.35
mystery /‘mistri/n. 奥秘 ; 神秘 事物 p.64

N
napkin /‘nepkin/ n. 餐巾 ; 餐巾纸 p.101
national /‘nefnol/ adj. 国家 的 ;

民族 的 p.70
nearly /‘nioli/, /‘nurli/ adv. 几乎 ;

差不多 p.43
neither ... nor 既 不 …… 也 不 p.83
no matter 不 论 ; 无 论 P.35
nobody /nsubsdi/ /‘nouba:di/

pron. 没有 人 P.14
nod/npd/ /na:d/ v. 点 头 p.86
noise /noiz/n. jae; WF ps9
none /nAn/ pron. 没有 一 个 ; IE p.110
noon /nu:n/n. 正午 ; 中 午 P.75
nor /no:(r)/ conj. & adv. 也 不 p-83
northern /'no:(r)d0(r)n/

adj. 北方 的 ; 北部 的 p.76

not only ... but also 不 但 …… WE. p.62
note /novut/n.“@ic; 记录
vibes 指出 p.4

novel /npvl/ /‘na:vl/ n.

(长 篇 ) 小 说 p.l4
O
officer /'ofisa/, /‘a:fisor/ n.

军官 ; 官员 P.94
ours /aus(T)z/ pron. 我 们 的 p.107
overcome /auva(r)'kam/ v.

(overcame /,auvo(r)'kerm/,

overcome) 克服 ; 战胜 P.107

1138)

eccccccccscccce Vocabulary Index ceeccccccccccccccccccccccvccccccccccsvecccccccesccescces:

overnight /,ouvo(r)nait/
adv. 一 夜 之 间 ; 在 夜间 p.6
oversleep /auva(r)'sli:p/ v.

(overslept /euve(T)slept/ overslept)

睡 过 头 ; 睡 得 太 久 p.89
P
pain /pem/n. 痛苦 ; 苦恼 p.70
paint /peimt/ v. 用 颜料 画 ; 刷 漆 p.37
pal /peel/ n. 朋友 ; 伙伴 p.4
palace /'pelos/n. Ef; 宫殿 p.83
pale /perl/ adj. SAW; 灰白 的 p.83
pardon /'pa:(r)dn/ inter.

请 再 说 一 遍 ; TUK, HAN P.18

partner /'pa:(r)tno(r)/ 7 搭档 ; 同伴 p.s
passport /'pa:spo:t/, /‘peespo:rt/

n. 护照 p.76
patient /'perfnt/ adj. Aili}. 19

nA p.2
pattern /'petn/, /'petorn/

n. 模式 ; 方式 P.4
Pay attention to 注意 ; 关注 p.6
perform /po(r)'for(r)m/ v. 表演 ;

执行 p.70

period /'proriod/ n. 一段 时 间 ; 时 期 p.62

physics /firzrks/ n. 物理 ;物理 学 p.4
picnic /'prknik/ n. 野餐 p.58
pie /par/ n. 果 馅 饼 ; GIR p.92
pierce /pres/， /pirs/ v. FL; aK;

穿 透 p.49
pink /pink/ adj. 粉红 色 的

n. 粉红 色 P.58
pioneer /pato'nio/, /paro'nir/ 7

先锋 ; 先驱 p.42
OPO e errr scree eseceseeeeeeeereeeseeseseseeeseeseeoseeee® Vocabulary Index 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

pity /prti/ n. jtt&; 怜 帜 p-70 produce /proa'dju:s/, /pro'du:s/
plastic /'plestik/ adj. 塑料 的 v. ABP iil; Hi p.34
n. 塑料 ;塑胶 p.98 product /'prodakt/, /‘pra:dakt/ n.

pleasure /‘plezo(r)/ n. 52%; 愉快 “”p.42 产品 ; 制品 P.35
plenty /plenti/ pron. Kit; 众多 。” p.67 __ professional /pro'fefanl/ adj.
plenty of 大 量 ; 充足 p.67 职业 的 ; 专业 的 P.S4
pocket /'pokit/, /‘parkit/ n. 衣 袋 ; project /'prodzekt/, /‘pra:d3ekt/ n.

袋 p.60 HA; 工程 p.42
poem /'pouim/n. i; BX p.S1 Pronounce /pronauns/ v. 发音 ps

policeman /polli:smon/ n. B89 P59 pronunciation /pranansi'erfn/ n.

polish /‘polif/, /'pa:lif/ v. 发 音 ; 读音 p2
proud /praud/ adj. 自豪 的 ; 骄傲 的 p.30

磨 光 ; 修改 ; 润色 p.38
politely /pollaitli/ adv. #L4is; Public ['pablik/ adh EAH AO
客气 地 p22 n. 民众; rite . p.98
polite /pallart/ adj. 有 礼 狐 的 ; pull /pul/ fs 3 pss
7 pulltogether 齐心 协力 ; 通力 合作 p86
客居 的 p22 punish /'panif/v. 处 罚 ; 惩罚 P.14
position /po'zifn/n. fii; 地方” p.62 ， _

7 purpose /'p3:(r)pos/n. 目的 ; 目标 p.46
postcard /peustkq:(Dd/ 于 明信片 p18 。 put on 增加 (体重 ); 发 有 p10
postman /'poustmon/ 7. 邮递 员 p.36
pound /paund/ 1. (重量 单位 ); Q

英镑 HEISE AMAT) p.10 queen /kwimy/ 7. 王后 ; 女王 p.83
power /‘pava(r)/n. Als Jt P83 quick /kwik/adj. 快 的 ;迅速 的
praise /preiz/v. &n. 表扬 ;赞扬 p.70 adv. 快速 地 ;迅速 地 pls
prefer /pri'f3i(r)/ v. 更 喜欢 p.65
present /'preznt/ n. 现在 ; 礼物 R

adj. 现在 的 p14 rabbit /Trebit/n. %; Bie p.S7
president /'prezidont/ n. 负责 人 ; rather /‘ra:69/, /'reedor/ adv. 宁愿 ;

主席 ， 总 统 p.102 相当 p.86
prevent /pri'vent/v. BILIE; BHA  p.62 rather than 而 不 是 p-86
pride /praid/n. ASE; Wit p30 recall /ri'ko:l/ v. 回忆 起 ; 回想 起 p.70
prime /praim/ adj. 首要 的 ; 基本 的 p.83 receive /ri'sivv/ v. 接受 ; 收 型 p.62
prime minister 首相 ; 大臣 p.83 recycle /ri:'satkl/ v. 回收 利用 ;
private /prarvet/ adj. 私人 的 ; 利 P.101

私密 的 p.27 reflect /rrflekt/ wk; 映 出 p.70

@®
regret /rrgret/ v. 感到 遗憾 ; HAE = p.S1
relative /‘relotiv/ n. 32); 亲 威 p.10
relief /ri'li:f/ n. 轻松 ;解脱 p.86
repeat /rrpi't/ vi; 重 做 P.4
request /rrkwest/ 1. 要 求 ; 请 求 p.22

require /rikwato(r)/ v. 需要 ; 要 求 p.27
responsible /rrsppnsebl/，
/ri'spainsabl/adj.
承担 责任 ;有 责任

restroom /restrumy n.

p.110

(8) BEF; 公共 厕所
reusable /ri:ju:zobl/ adj.
可 重复 使 用 的 ， 可 再 次 使 用 的
review /ri'vju:/ v. &n. 回顾 ; 复习 p.6

row /Treou/ n. 一 排 ; 一 列 ; 一 行 p.105
rush /raf/v. &n. Of; 急促 p.18
S

safety /'serfti/n. 安全 ;安全 性 P.49
saint /semt/n.%A; 圣 徒 P.43
scissors /SIze(T)Z/ n. (pl.) 剪刀 p.38
scoop /sku:p/n.4J; 铲子 p.42
score /skoi(r)/n. 及 得分; 打分 p.26
season /'si:zn/n. =; 季节 p.76

secret /'sitkrot/ n. 秘密 ; 秘诀
adj. 秘密 的 ; 保密 的 p3

seldom /'seldom/ adv. 不 常 ; 很 少 “p.30
senior /Simis(r)/ adj. AHI) (或 地 位 )

高 的 p.108
sense /Sens/ 感觉 到 ; 意识 到

n. 感觉 ;意识 p.70
sentence /'sentons/ 1. 句 子 p.2
separate /'seporert/ adj. 单独 的 ;

分 离 的 v. 分开; 分 离 p.110

1140)

eccccccccscccce Vocabulary Index ceeccccccccccccccccccccccvccccccccccsvecccccccesccescces:

shall /fael, fal/ modal v. 将 要 ; 将 会 p.106
shoulder /foulda(r)/ n. ji; 肩膀 p.86
shut /fat/ v. (shut, shut) 关闭 ; 关上 p.67
silent /'satlont/ a 丰 不 说 话 的 ;

沉默 的 p.26
silver /'stlva(r)/n. 48; 银 器
adj. 银色 的 P.33

sleepy /'sli:pi/ adj. 困倦 的 ;有 睹 睡 的 _p.60
smell /smel/ 7. 气味

了 发 出 …… 气 味 ， 闻 到 p.43
smoke /smouk/ v. AH; 吸烟
元 烟 Pp49

smooth /smu:6/ adj. Fi; 悦耳 的 p.66

society /so'satoti/ n. 社会 p.52

somebody /'sambodi/, /‘samba:di/
pron 某 人 ; 重要 人 物

somewhere /SAmwes/ /SAmwer/
adv. 在 某 处 ; 到 某 处

sour /'sava(r)/ adj. RIN; 有 酸味 的

P.S8

spaghetti /spo'geti/n. 意大利 面条 。” p.94
spare /spee/ /sper/ adj. 空闲 的 ;

不 用 的 p.66
speaker /'spi:ko(r)/ 1.

UE ( 某 种 语言 ) 的 人 ; Re p22
speech /spi'tf/ .讲话 ;发言 p.28

speed /spi:d/ n. 速度 p.S

spider /'spardo(r)/ n. ith P.13
spread /spred/ v. 传播 ;展开

包 草 延 ; 传播 p.l4
staff /sta:f/, /steef/ n. 管理 人 员 ;

职工 p.l9
stamp /steemp/ n. 邮票 ;印章 p.l7
standard /'steendo(r)d/

n. 标准 ; 水 平 p.10S
stare /steo/, /ster/v. 盯 着 看 ; 凝视 p.91
steal /sti:l/ v. (stole /stoul/,

stolen /'stoulon/) fir; 窃取 pll
steel /sti:l/n. 4H]; 钢铁 p.33
stranger /stremd3so(rD)/ 14. 陌生 人 p.10
style /starl/n. 样式 ; 款式 p.42
sudden /'sadon/ adj. 突然 (的 ) p.44
suggest /so'dzest/v. 建议 ; HEM = p.19
suggestion /soldzestfon/ n. 建议 p.80
suit /sju't/ /su:t/n. 西服 ; FE p.61
superhero /Su:pe(T)hrerou/ n.

超级 英雄 p.67
support /solpoi(r)t/ v. & n. KEE p.54
suppose /so'pouz/ v. 推断 ; 料想 p.66
surface /'s3:(r)fis/n. #ifi; 表层 p.36
survey /'s3:(r)ver/ n. 调查 p.105
T
take o 任 (飞机 等 ) 起 飞 ; 匆忙 离开 Pp.91
take place 发 生 ; 出 现 P.43
take pride in 为 …… 感 到 自豪 p.30

task /ta:sk/, /taesk/n.{£4%; 工作 p.110
teammate /'ti:mert/ n. 同 队 队 员 ;

队友 p.86
teen /tin/n. 十 几 岁

(十 三 至 十 九 岁 之 间 ) P.S1
text /tekst/n. 课文; 文本 p.108
textbook /'tekstbuk/ n. 教科 书 ; 课本 p.1
the more ... the more 越 …… 越 ……… ;

es ee p.82
the Olympics /o'limptks/

奥林匹克 运动 会 p.46
thirsty /'03:(r)sti/ adj. 口 渴 的 ;

渴望 的 p-110

thriller /‘Orila(r)/ n.
惊险 电影 ( 小说、 戏剧 )
tie /tar/ 71. Sith v. dl; 束
till /trl/ conj. & prep. 到 ; 直到
total /teutl/ n. 总数 ; 合计
adj. KAI; 全 体 的
traffic /‘treefik/ n. 交通 ;
路 上 行驶 的 车 辆
elt/V 翻译

translate /trens'

OPO e errr scree eseceseeeeeeeereeeseeseseseeeseeseeoseeee® Vocabulary Index 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

p.67
p.12
p91

p.70

p.75
p.44

transportation /trenspo:(r)'terfn/ n.

运输 业 ; 交通 运输
treat /tri't/ 7. 款待 ; 招待
! 招 待 ; 请 ( 客 )
trick /triky/ 7. 花招 ; 把戏
货车

truck /trAky/ 7. 卡车 ; 货车

U
ugly /Agli/ adj.

WM; 难看 的

unexpected /AnIkspektrd/ adj.

出 乎 意料 的 ; 始 料 不 及 的
unit /jumit/n. 单位 ; 单元
upside down 颠倒 ; 倒转

V

valuable /valjusbl/ adj. 很 有

的 ;

宝贵 的

value /'veelju:/ v. 重视 ;
n. 价值
victory /'viktori/ n. 胜利 ; 成 功

WwW
war /wox(r)/n. 战争 ; 战争 状态
warmth /wo:(r)mO/ n. 温暖

warn /wox(r)n/ v. 警告 ; 告诫

Be; 暖和

141)

p.100

p.13
p.13
p.S7

p.98

p91

p.S2
p.102

p58

p.75
p.62

p.66
p.14
p.14
*。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 Vocabulary Index cecccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccsccevecsccccesceseeesece

washroom /'wofru:m/, /‘wa:fru:m/ wisely /‘waizli/ adv. 明智 地 ; 聪明 地 p.6
n. 洗手 间 ; 厕所 p.18 without doubt 毫 无 疑问 ;的 确 p43

wealth /welO/n. 财富 ; 富裕 p.83 wolf /wulf/ n. 4 p.59

website /'websait/ n. 网 站 p-42 wooden /'wudn/ adj. 木 制 的 ; 木头 的 p.98

weight /weit/n. 重量 ; 分 量 p-86 worker /'w3:(r)ko(r)/n. THE#;

west /west/ adv. 向 西 ; 朝 西 工人 P.91
adj. 向 西 的 ; 西部 的 World War II 第 二 次 世界 大 战 P.66
n. 西 ; 西方 p.91 worth /ws:(T)9/ adj. 值得 ;

whom /hu:m/ pron. iff; 什么 人 p.22 有 …… 价 值 ( 的 ) p.76

whose /hu:z/ adj. & pron. 谁 的 ; wound /wuind/ n. fii; 伤口 ; 创伤 p.70
〈 特 指 ) 那个 人 的 p.S7

widely /'wardli/ adv. 广泛 地 ; Z
普遍 地 p34 = zipper /zIps(D/ n. (= zip) 拉链 ;

wing /win/ n. 翅膀 ; Be plll 拉 锁 p.42
Co eccccccccccccccccccccccscccccccccscsscoscssccscccsocsossoiragiilar WErbssccssssscsscccces

Irregular Verbs

Verb |Past tense | Past participle Verb | Past tense | Past participle
be (am, was, were |been feed fed fed
is, are) feel _| felt felt
bear bore born fight fought fought
beat beat beaten find found found
become | became become fly flew flown
begin _| began begun forget | forgot forgotten
blow |blew blown get got got/gotten
break | broke broken give gave given
bring —_| brought brought go went gone
build =| built built grow | grew grown
burn pent burnt/burned an ) hung hung
bu bought bought
watch caught caught (he) had had
choose | chose chosen hear heard heard
come  |came come hide hid hidden
cost cost cost hit hit hit
cut cut cut hold held held
dig dug dug hurt hurt hurt
do did done keep kept kept
(does) know _|knew known
draw drew drawn lay laid laid
dream am dreamt/dreamed lead 人 led
drink drank drunk learn learned learnt/learned
drive drove driven leave left left
eat ate eaten lend lent lent
fall fell fallen let let let

coccccccccccccce irregular Verbs。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

Verb |Past tense | Past participle Verb | Past tense | Past participle
lie (44) |lay lain sleep slept slept
light lit/lighted _|lit/lighted smell smelt/ smelt/smelled
lose lost lost smelled
make | made made speak [spoke spoken
mean meant meant sped,
meet net met speed ree d sped/speeded
mistake |mistook | mistaken spell spelt/ spelt /spelled
pay paid paid spelled
put put put spend [spent spent
spread | spread spread
rey read /red/ |read /red/ stand stood stood
ride rode ridden steal stole stolen
ring rang rung stick stuck stuck
rise rose risen swim swam swum
run ran run take took taken
say said said teach ‘| taught taught
see saw seen tell told told
sell sold sold think _| thought thought
send sent sent throw | threw thrown
set set set under- understood | understood
shake | shook shaken stand
shine /shone shone wake woke woken
show | showed shown wear wore worn
shut shut shut win won won
sing sang sung write wrote written
sit sat sat

