育 部 审定
2013,
NS
义务 教育 教科 书

义务 教育 教科 书

iit

Copyright © 2013 by People’s Education Press Ltd. and Cengage Learning Asia Pte Ltd.
No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means,
without permission in writing from the publisher.

版 权 共 有 ， 未 经 出 版 社 书面 同意 ， 任 何人 不 得 以 任何 形式 或 方式 复制 或 转换 本 作品 的 任何 部 分 。

主 编 : 刘 道义 郑 旺 全
David Nunan

副 主编 : 张 献 臣 ” 张 雅 君

主要 编写 人 员 : WB TKK RR SS eK MAE
Eden Brough —_ Edward Yoshioka ”Hoi Kin Chiu Yuan Ting Soh
Jacqueline Eu Andrew Robinson Guy de Villiers Edward Vickers

责任 编辑 : BAEK TSK

美术 编辑 : SKK

封面 设计 : AS Melvin Chong
版 面 设计 : that
插 图 : 严 峥 ( 含 封面 ) Edwin Ng

义务 教育 教科 书
英语
八 年 级 下 册
CPE) 人 民 教 育 出 版 社 ”课程 教材 研究 所
英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心 编著
(美国 ) 圣 智 学 习 集 A
*
KAR: A 6 PIR RAT
网 址 : http://www. pep. com. cn
A&A A EVR EVR 全 国 新 华 书店 经 销
开本 : 787 毫米 x1 092 毫米 1/16 印张 : 9.25 FR: 218 000
2013 年 10 月 第 1 版 2014 年 11 月 第 3 次 印刷
ISBN 978 -7-107-27401-5 定价 : 9.10 70
著作 权 所 有 “ UA HER DD + 违 者 必 究
如 发 现 印 、 装 质量 问题 ， 影 响 阅读 ， 请 与 本 社 出 版 二 科 联 系 调换 。
(联系 地 址 : 北京 市 海淀 区 中 关 村 南大 街 17 号 院 1 号 楼 邮编: 100081)

绿色 印刷 ”保护 环境 ”爱护 健康

ma S
你 手中 的 这 本 教科 书 采 用 绿色 印刷 方式 印 制 ， 在 它 的 封底 印 有 “绿色 印刷 产品 ”标志 - 从 2013 年 秋季 学
期 起 ， TASC MOE BEANS LS BEA DRELIH CEREAL 8 ab IER ET

按照 国家 环境 标准 ( HJ2503-2011 )《 环境 标志 产品 技术 要 求 ”印刷 ， 第 一 部 分 : 平版 印刷 》， 绿 色 印 刷 选

用 环保 型 纸张 、 油 墨 、 胶 水 等 原 辅 材料 ， 生 产 过 程 注重 节能 减 排 ， ee ee OR.

让 我 们 携 起 手 来 ， 支 持 绿色 印刷 ， 选 择 绿色 印刷 产品 ,共同 关爱 环境 ， 健康 成 长 !
北京 市 绿色 印刷 工程

致 同 学

同学 们 ， 你 们 好 ! 欢迎 你 们 进入 新 学 期 的 英语 学 习 !

本 套 教 材 是 根据 你 们 的 心理 特点 、 认 知 水 平和 兴趣 爱好 来 编写 的 。
相信 教材 的 以 下 特点 会 继续 帮助 你 们 学 好 英语 :

1. 教材 不 仅 要 帮助 你 们 学 习 英语 语言 知识 ， 更 重要 的 是 要 帮助 你 们
发 展 语言 运用 能 力 ， 让 你 们 学 会 用 英语 表达 思想 、 与 人 交流 。

2. 教材 充分 考虑 了 你 们 的 生活 实际 和 学 习 需 求 ， 教 材 的 内 容 和 活动
都 与 你 们 的 生活 和 兴趣 紧密 相连 ， 目 的 是 让 你 们 在 英语 学 习 中 不 感到 村
燥 乏 味 ， 而 是 有 话 可 说 、 有 话 想 说 、 有 话 能 说 。

3. 教材 在 重视 培养 你 们 的 语言 运用 能 力 的 同时 ， 更 加 重视 培养 你 们
的 语言 学 习 策略 和 技能 。 这 些 策 略 和 技能 是 帮助 你 们 进一步 学 好 英语 的
基础 。

4. 教材 为 你 们 设计 了 许多 具有 交际 意义 的 任务 或 活动 ， 目 的 是 让 你
们 在 英语 课堂 上 “ 活 ” 起 来 、“ 动 ”起 来 。 英 语 课堂 教学 需要 你 们 的 充分
参与 ， 英 语 学 习 需 要 你 们 与 老师 合作 、 与 同学 交流 。 通 过 参与 和 互动 ,，
你 们 的 英语 水 平 才 会 得 到 不 断 提高 。

5. 教材 进一步 丰富 了 文化 教学 的 内 容 ， 包 括 我 们 的 民族 文化 、 英 语 国
家 的 文化 和 非 英 语 国家 的 文化 。 通 过 文化 内 容 的 学 习 ， 你 们 的 视野 会 更 开
阔 ， 思 想 会 更 丰富 ， 思 维 会 更 活跃 ， 交 流 会 更 得 体 。

要 想 学 好 英语 ， 光 人 靠 课 本 是 不 够 的 ， 你 们 还 需要 继续 接触 更 多 的 英
语 学 习 资 源 。 学 习 英语 没有 捷径 ， 只 有 多 听 、 多 说 、 多 读 、 多 写 、 多 记 、
多 用 才 是 最 有 效 的 办 法 。 因 此 ， 你 们 要 充分 利用 各 种 资源 和 机 会 来 学 习
英语 。

同学 们 ， 继 续 努 力 吧 ! 祝 你 们 英语 学 习 取得 更 大 进步 !

编者
2013 年 5 月
Contents

Structures

°o Health and first aid Talk about health Have for talking about health problems

— and Modal verbs should/shouldn’t for
What's the accidents suggestions
matter? Give advice :

Reflexive pronouns
Page 1
8 Volunteering and Offer help Infinitives as object, adverbial and
charity object complement
I'll help to .
Modal verb could for suggestions
clean up the
city parks. Phrasal verbs
Page 9
& Chores and Make polite requests Could for polite requests
Pesan Ask for permission Could for permission
Could you
please clean
your room?
Page 17
4) Interpersonal Talk about problems = Why don'tyou...?
7 ees Give advice Conjunctions until, so that and

Why don't you although
talk to your
parents?

Page 25
foot, knee, neck, stomach, throat,

Why don't you forget about it? Although
she’s wrong, it’s not a big deal.

What should he do?

He should talk to his friend so that he can
say he’s sorry.

Maybe you could go to his house.

oT guess I could, but I don’t want to surprise
him.

allow, argue, cause, communicate,
compare, compete, continue, copy,
explain, guess, offer, push, return
wrong, quick, clear, crazy, nervous,
proper, typical, usual

instead, perhaps, secondly

look through, work out, get on with,
compare ... with, in one’s opinion

What's the matter? I have a stomachache. arm, back, ear, eye, hand,
What's the nuter will Ben? matter, cough, fever, headache, head, leg, mouth, nose,
He hist 下 stomachache, toothache, nurse, tooth
blood, rest, X-ray, situation, spirit ‘i
Does he have a toothache? Yes, he does. enable: ne Spin temperature, dentist,
ease medicine, doctor, hospital
What should she do? hit, hurt, lie, rest
She should take her temperature. Modal verb should
have a cold, take breaks, get off, Hclause
right away, get into, cut off, give up
|. I'd like to help homeless people. feeling, interest, difficulty, kindness, _job, time, money, city park,
You could ask hospitals to let you visit the satisfaction oldp opis home, animal
kids and cheer them up. disabled, blind, deaf, lonely, strong, hospital
She volunteers there once a weektohelp clever visit, teach, tell oe
_ kids learn to read. clean up, cheer up, give out, hand spend, help; decide
I’m making some signs to put up around the out, give away, care for, fx up, put put up, help out, give up,
| off, come up with, call up, take after, run out
LORD eUn Infinitives as object
Could I go out for dinner with my friends? floor, mess, neighbor, rubbish, shirt, __ dish, bed, clothes,
Sure, that should be OK. waste, stress room, home, work, job,
Could we get something to drink after the fold, sweep, throw, pass, borrow, rape: eens:
movie? lend, hate, depend, develop, provide, Parent, child, kid, teenager
No, you can't. You have a basketball game drop clean, tidy, comfortable
pmo fair, unfair take out, go out, stay out,
Could you please take the dog for a walk? all the time, as'so0n a5,4n order to, help out, help with
_ OK, but I want to watch one show first. depend on, take care of Modal verbs can and have to
What should I do? communication, relation parent, homework, advice,

grade, test, fight

study, write, call, talk, help,
hang out, relax, agree,
disagree

enough, tired, sorry, angry,
lonely

What's the matter?

Modal verbs should and could

Structures

8 Unforgettable events Talk about past events ”Conjunctions when and while
Tell a story Questions and statements with the
What were you past progressive tense
doing when
the rainstorm
came?
Page 33
6 Legends and stories Tellastory Conjunctions unless, as soon as and
: $0 ... that
An old man

tried to move
the mountains.

Page 41

(7) Facts about the world Talk about geography ”Large numbers

and nature
What's the
highest
mountain in
the world?

Page 49

Comparatives and superlatives with
adjectives and adverbs

What were you doing at eight last night?
I was taking a shower.

What was he doing when the rainstorm
came?

He was reading in the library when the
rainstorm came.

What was Jenny doing while Linda was
__ Sleeping?
' While Linda was sleeping, Jenny was
helping Mary with her homework.

Vocabulary
date, area, storm, wind, light, match,
silence
beat, begin, realize, report, rise
strange, asleep
completely, suddenly, heavily,
recently
go off, pick up, fall asleep, die down,
have a look, make one’s way,
take down, at first

weather, news, neighbor, -
TV, radio, history

happen, remember, start,
forget

at nine oclock at 7:00 a.m.,
yesterday morning, last
night, 10 minutes ago

Days of the week, dates and
times

Simple past tense

How does the story begin? god, couple, husband, wife, object, story, mountain, fight,
Once upon a time, there was a very old gold, silk, stick, stone, tail, voice, problem, opinion, side
: ates oun interesting, different,
What happened next? remind, fit, hide, lead, marry, shine, famous, favorite
2 soon > «2 - pucamenys ing, Yu smile, cheat Simple present tense
‘ong said that his family could continue to brave, stupid, si Western: :
move the mountains after he died. et ele ” Simple past tense
i Past progressive tense
Whywas Gongiyingto nioye the once upon a time, turn... into, itis
mgyatzins? ore fall in love, get married, a little bit,
Because they were so bigthatittookalong  ; tof :
time to walk to the other side.
What's the highest mountain in the world? _ nature, desert, ocean, square, mountain, kilometer, size,
~Qomolangma. meter, bamboo, adult, illness, force, world, lake, river, sea,
How high is Qomolangma? population, condition, spomcament, panda, elephant, country,
It’s 8,844.43 meters high. It's higher than mea, protection, achievement, scientist, fact
any other mountain. ss high, long, big, famous,
二 Did you know that China is one of the achieve, include, protect, succeed, popular, strong
* oldest countries in the world? ween é Making comparisons
Yes, I did. It’s much older than the US. deep, wide, wild, thick, huge,
ancient, endangered
feel free, take in, walk into, fall over,
or so, as far as I know, in the face of,
at birth, up to

8) Literature and music —_ Talk about Present perfect tense with already and
recent events and yet

Have you read experiences

Treasure Island

yet?

Page 57

9) Fun places Talk about past Present perfect tense with been, ever
experiences and never

Have you ever

been toa

museum?

Page 65

@ Living environment Talk about Present perfect tense with since and for
possessions and

I've had this things around you

bike for three

years.

Page 73

=~,

Page 81 Notes on the Text

Page 96 Tapescripts

Page 108 Grammar

Page 114 Words and Expressions in Each Unit

Page 126 Vocabulary Index

Page 136 Irregular Verbs

Have you read Little Women yet?

Yes, I have./No, I haven't.

Has Tina read Treasure Island yet?

Yes, she has. She thinks it’s fantastic.
Have you decided which book to write
about yet?

Yes, I have. I’ve already finished reading it.
It was really good.

Vocabulary
page, fiction, pop, fan, million, record,
line, success, beauty, technology
treasure, island, ship, sand, land,
mark, gun, tool

introduce, belong

forever, abroad

full of, hurry up, ever since,
one another

Have you ever been to a science museum?
No, I’ve never been to a science museum.

Have you ever visited the space museum?
Yes, I have. I went there last year.

I’ve never been to a water park.
Me neither.

book, writer, library, music,
song, singer, musician, CD

read, finish, listen, feel

fantastic, interesting,
boring, favorite, famous,
popular, successful

Simple present tense
Simple past tense

Simple future tense

camera, toilet, province, spring, fox
collect, encourage, fear, progress

rapid, peaceful, perfect, safe,
unbelievable, unusual, social
whenever, whether

a couple of, thousands of, on the
one hand... on the other hand...,
all year round

How long have you had that bike over there?

I’ve had it for three years.

How long has his son owned the train and
railway set?
He’s owned it since his fourth birthday.

Have you ever played football?
Yes, I did when I was little, but I haven't
played for a while now.

art, space, history, science,
nature, computer, tea,
museum, park, zoo, holiday
visit, try, camp

recently, yesterday, last
year, in April, next week,

tomorrow

Present perfect tense

yard sale, soft toy, bread maker, scarf,
board game, hometown, memory,
childhood :
own, search, hold, regard, consider
certain, soft, sweet, truthful
according to, to be honest, as for,

check out, part with, no longer,
close to

sale, bike, book, magazine,
clothes, place, school, tree
sell, give away, lose, need,
keep, decide, raise, change,
appear, build, become, feel
old, favorite, useful, special,
sad, understanding

Present perfect tense

Language Goals:
Talk about health

problems and

accidents;
Give advice

What's the matter?
£205
We osm

matter?

Thave a
, ae

fa Look at the picture. Write the correct letter [a-m] for each part of the body.

h_ arm back ear eye foot
hand head leg mouth
neck nose stomach tooth

Listen and look at the picture. Then number the names [1-5].

Nancy Sarah 1 David

Ben Judy |

Look at the picture. ， A: What's the matter with Judy?

What are the students B: She talked too much yesterday and didn’t
problems? Make

drink enough water. She has a very sore
conversations.

throat now.

Ceccccccccccce UNIT 1 coccccccccccccccccccccevcccsesececccccccccccccccccccscscccccce’

2a Listen and number the pictures [1-5] in the order you hear them.

2b Listen again. Match the problems with the advice.

1. fever a. lie down and rest

33 ‘inact b. drink some hot tea with honey
3. cough and sore throat c. see a dentist and get an X-ray
4. toothache d. take your temperature

5S. cut myself e. put some medicine on it

A: What's the matter?
2c Make conversations using the B: My head feels very hot.

information in 2a and 2b.

A: Maybe you have a fever ...
Bees

2d Role-play the conversation.

Mandy: Lisa, are you OK? ;

lisa: I have a headache and I can’t move my neck. What should I do? Should
I take my temperature?

Mandy: No, it doesn’t sound like you have a fever. What did you do on the
weekend?

lisa: I played computer games all weekend.

Mandy: That’s probably why. You need to take breaks away from the computer.

Lisa: Yeah, I think I sat in the same way for too long without moving.

Mandy: I think you should lie down and rest. If your head and neck still hurt
tomorrow, then go to a doctor.

lisa: OK. Thanks, Mandy.
@lnnxvan0909009090000dD

" Seeeccceceseeee What's the matter? soccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccs UNIT 1 。。。。。。。。。。。。。

Read the passage. Do you think it comes from a newspaper or a book?
How do you know?

Bus Driver and Passengers Save an Old Man

At 9:00 a.m. yesterday, bus No. 26 was going along Zhonghua Road when
the driver saw an old man lying on the side of the road. A woman next to him
was shouting for help.

The bus driver, 24-year-old Wang Ping, stopped the bus without thinking
twice. He got off and asked the woman what happened. She said that the man
had a heart problem and should go to the hospital. Mr. Wang knew he had to
act quickly. He told the passengers that he must take the man to the hospital.
He expected most or all of the passengers to get off and wait for the next bus.
But to his surprise, they all agreed to go with him. Some passengers helped
Mr. Wang to move the man onto the bus.

Thanks to Mr. Wang and the passengers, the
man was saved by the doctors in time. “It’s sad
that many people don’t want to help others
because they don't want any trouble?’ says one
passenger. “But the driver didn’t think about
himself. He only thought about saving a life.”

Read the passage again and check (w) the things that happened in the story.

1. ____ Wang Ping was the driver of bus No. 26 at 9:00 a.m. yesterday.
______ Bus No. 26 hit an old man on Zhonghua Road.

3. The old man had a heart problem and needed to go to the hospital
right away.

4. ____ The passengers on the bus did not want to go to the hospital, so only
Wang Ping went with the woman and old man.

5. _____ Some passengers helped to get the old man onto the bus.

6. _____ The old man got to the hospital in time.

Discuss the questions with a partner.

1. Why was Wang Ping surprised that the passengers agreed to go to the hospital
with him?

2. Did the passengers think Wang Ping did the right thing? How do you know?

3. Do you agree that people often do not help others because they do not
want to get into trouble? Why or why not?
。。。。。。。。 oo。。。 UNIT 1 。。。。。。。oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo。

aa Fill in the blanks and practice the conversations.

1. A: [hurt when I played basketball yesterday. What Ido?
B: You see a doctor and get an X-ray.
2. A: the matter?
B: My sister and I sore throats. we go to school?
A: No, you 3
3. A: Mike a fever?
B: No, he .He a stomachache.
A: He drink some hot tea.
4b (Circle) the best advice for these health problems. Then add your own
advice.
1. Jenny cut herself. She should (get an X-ray / put some medicine on the cut).
My advice:
2. Kate has a toothache. She should (see a dentist / get some sleep).
My advice:
3. Mary and Sue have colds. They shouldn't (sleep / exercise).
My advice:
4. Bob has a sore back. He should (lie down and rest / take his temperature).
My advice:

4c One student mimes a problem. The A: What's the matter? Did you
other students in your group guess the hurt yourself playing soccer?
problem and give advice. . B: No, I didn’t.
Name Problem Advice C: Did you fall down?
Liu Peng fall down gohomeandrest | 8: Yes, I did.
D: You should go home and get
some rest.

pv eccccccccsecee What's the matter? seeccercccccccccccccssvccccccscos UNIT 1 。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

When these accidents happen, what should you do?
Put the actions in order.

Put a bandage on it.

Run it under water.

Put some medicine on it.

Press the sides of your nose.

Go to the hospital. Put your head down.
Get an X-ray. Clean your face.
Rest for a few days.

" tb Listen to the school nurse. Check (w) the problems you hear.

Problems Treatments Problems Treatments
Someone felt sick. Vv b,c Someone had a nosebleed.
a Someone cut his knee. Someone hurt his back.
Someone had a fever. Someone got hit on the head.

Listen again. Write the letter of each treatment next to the problems
you checked in the chart above.

a. put a bandage on it

b. took his temperature

c. told him to rest

d. put some medicine on it

e. took him to the hospital to get an X-ray
f. told her to put her head down

1d Role-play a conversation between | A: Who came to your office today?
the nurse and the teacher. Use the | B: First, a boy came in. He hurt
information in 1b and Ic. himself in P.E. class.

A: What happened?
Boss

eccccccccccces UNIT 1 。 oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo。

2a Accidents or problems can sometimes happen when we do sports. Write
the letter of each sport next to each accident or = that can ‘happen.

[
| A=soccer B=mountain climbing C= swimming

____ fall down ____ have problems breathing __ get hit bya ball
____getsunburned —_cut ourselves ___ hurt our back or arm

2b Read the passage and underline the words you don’t know. Then look
up the words in a dictionary and write down their meanings.

Finding the Order of Events

Writers describe events in a
certain order. Finding the order
of the events will help you
understand what you are reading.

He Lost His Arm
But Is Still Climbing

Aron Ralston is an American man who is
interested in mountain climbing. As a mountain
climber, Aron is used to taking risks. This is one
of the exciting things about doing dangerous sports. There were many times wits
Aron almost lost his life because of accidents. On April 26, 2003, he found himself
in a very dangerous situation when climbing in Utah.

On that day, Arons arm was caught under a 360-kilo
rock that fell on him when he was climbing by himself
in the mountains. Because he could not free his arm,

he stayed there for five days and hoped that someone
would find him. But when his water ran out, he knew
that he would have to do something to save his own life.
He was not ready to die that day. So he used his knife to cut
off half his right arm. Then, with his left arm, he bandaged
himself so that he would not lose too much blood. After
that, he climbed down the mountain to find help.

After losing his arm, he wrote a book called Between a Rock and a Hard Place. This
means being in a difficult situation that you cannot seem to get out of. In this book,
Aron tells of the importance of making good decisions, and of being in control of
one’ life. His love for mountain climbing is so great that he kept on climbing mountains
even after this experience.

Do we have the same spirit as Aron? Let’s think about it before we find ourselves
“between a rock and a hard place”, saat 57 ap Sapa

and before we have to make a |__| Meanings
decision that could mean life or

death.

re eeececcevcceee What's the matter? scccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccs UNIT] 。 oo。.。

2c Read the statements and circle True, False or Don’t Know.

. Aron almost lost his life three times FALSE DON’TKNOW

because of climbing accidents.

. Aron had a serious accident in April DON’T KNOW
2003.
. Aron ran out of water after three days. DON’T KNOW
. Aron wrote his book before his serious DON’T KNOW
accident.
. Aron still goes mountain climbing. DON’T KNOW

2d Read the passage again and answer the questions.

1. Where did the accident happen on April 26, 2003?
2. Why couldn’t Aron move?

3. How did Aron free himself?

4. What did Aron do after the accident?

5. What does “between a rock and a hard place” mean?

Put the sentences in the correct order. Then use them to tell Aron’s
story to your partner. Try to add other details from the reading.

_____ On April 26, 2003, he had a serious mountain climbing accident.

_____ Aron loves mountain climbing and doesn’t mind taking risks.

____ Aron did not give up after the accident and keeps on climbing
mountains today.

_____ He wrote a book about his experience.

____ Aron lost half his right arm from the 2003 accident.

Imagine you are the school nurse and a student just had an accident or a
health problem. Make notes about what he/she should and shouldn’t do.

Accident or health problem He/She should —_ He/She shouldn't
Heseccecceesoee UNMET 1 *rccccccccccccccccccvecccceececcccvee cece cccccee ccceeeseses csise

3b Write a conversation between the nurse and the student using the notes
in 3a. Use the questions and phrases below to help you.

No, I don’t feel well./I feel .../I havea ... /Should I... ? ’
You should ... /You shouldn't ... |
fell down/got hit by ... /cut myself/hurt my ...

What's the matter?/What happened?/Are you OK? r |
i

Nurse:

Student: : e

Nurse:

Student: at i Ue

Head:
Back:

1 Write different health

problems next to the ee

body parts. Then write Tooth:

more health problems Stomach: Be:

you know of. Other problems: es

2 Put these questions and answers in order to make a conversation.

___ I hurt myself playing soccer. I have a sore leg. ___ What should I do?
___I think you should see a doctor and get an X-ray. ___ OK, thanks. I’ll do that now.
___ What's the matter? ___ Oh, that doesn’t sound good.

3 Write advice for these people.
1. Problem: Alan cut himself.

Advice:
Problem: Cindy has a headache.
Advice:
. Problem: My cousins have bad colds.

Advice:
4. Problem: Jack hurt his back playing volleyball.

Advice:

已

w

il help to clean up
the city parks.

Language Goal: fa Look at the ways you could help people in the

Offer help picture. Then list other ways.

I hope to work
outside.

mas You could
help to clean up the
city parks.

Other ways you could help people

tb Listen and number the ways the boy and girl could help others.

____ The girl could visit the sick kids in the hospital to cheer them up.
____ The boy could give out food at the food bank.
The girl could volunteer in an after-school study program to teach kids.

____ The boy could help to clean up the city parks.

tc Practice the conversation in the picture above. Then make other
conversations using the information in 1b.
secccccccccccs UNIT 2 coccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccscccceceeeesceeeeeeeeeesereeeess

A group of students are planning a City Park Clean-Up Day. Listen and
check (w) the things they are going to do to tell people about it.

ab Listen again. Fill in the blanks.

1. We need to _ a plan to tell people about the city

park clean-up. '

2. Clean-Up Day is only two weeks from now. We can’t

making a plan.
3. We could signs.
4. Let’s make some notices, too. Then I'll them after school.
5. We could each 10 students and ask them to come.

2e Make a conversation using the information in 2a and 2b.

A: We need to come up with a plan for the City Park Clean-Up Day.
B: Let’s have lunch first.

A: No, we need to start now. Clean-Up Day is only two weeks from now.

2d Role-play the conversation.

Helen: Hi, Tom. I’m making some plans to work in an old people’s home this
summer.

Tom: Really? I did that last summer!

Helen: Oh, what did they ask you to help out with?

Tom: Mm ... things like reading the newspaper to the old people, or just
talking to them. They told me stories about the past and how things used
to be.

Helen: That sounds interesting.

Tom: Yeah, a lot of old people are lonely. We should listen to them and care for
them.

Helen: You're right. I mean, we're all going to be old one day, too.

@
eccccccccccccs UNIT 2 coccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceceseccsseeeeeescseeeeeeee:

I'd like to 和 Shedecdedtotrm out for a volunteer
2 after-school reading program.

Mario believes it can help him to get hi his
future dream job.

You could ask hospitals to to let: you visit
‘the kids and cheer them up. :

She volunteers there once a week to help I'm: making some signs to put up around
kids learn to read. 2 the schoo!

@®  Fillin the blanks with the phrasal verbs in the box.

1. I want to my plan to work in an animal hospital
put up | until next summer. I’m too busy with my studies this year.
hand out 2. She hopes to at least five primary schools to ask if
call up they need volunteers for their after-school programs.
cheer up 3. Our class is trying to some ideasto
come up with sick children because they are often sad.
give out 4. We decided to signs around the school and
put off notices to tell students about the book sale. We

will the money from the sale to homeless people.

4b Fill in the blanks with the correct forms of the verbs in the box.

|help move do make visit spend

Most people today are only worried about getting good jobs lots of
money. In their free time, they think about what for fun. However,
few people think about what they can do others. There are many
people who are less lucky than us. Volunteering our time to help these people is a
good way our free time. For example, we can make plans

sick children in the hospital or raise money for homeless people. Some people
even stop doing their jobs for a few months to a year _ to another
place, like one of the countries in Africa, and help people there.

ac Complete the sentences with your own ideas. Use infinitives.

1. I'd like to volunteer
2. At 12:00 midnight, I called my friend
3. I’m very busy but I could help

4. Summer vacation is coming, and I want

5. I want to travel alone. My parents told me (not)

b 12 J

ce eeeeeeeeeeeeee|'ll help to clean up the city parks, sseeeeeeceeccccccccees UNIT2 cocccccccceecs
ta Match the sentences with similar meanings.

b_1.I’ve run out of it. a. I repaired it.
2. I take after my mother. _ b. I don’t have any more of it.

3. I fixed it up. c. I’m similar to her.

4. I gave it away. d. I didn’t keep it.

Match the phrasal verbs with the nouns. Then make sentences with the
phrases.

I gave away my bike to a children's home.

run out of &
take after

fix up
give away

一
Ad) Listen again. Circle) T for true or for false.

1. Jimmy fixes up broken bicycle parts, like wheels. T FE
2. Jimmy sells bikes. T F
3. Jimmy takes after his mother. 工 F
4. Jimmy has run out of money. T F

te Role-play a conversation between Jimmy a
A: Wh jimmy?
and the reporter. Use the information in BI 93 Je
lcand 1d.

scceccccccccce NIT 2 cocccccccvcccccccccccccccccececctcoseeesesesesseecescceseecoeees

2a How do you usually thank someone who helps you? Discuss this with a
partner.

2b Read the letter and answer the questions.

1. Who wrote the letter to Miss Li? Why?
2. What did Miss Li do?

Understanding Parts of Speech |

Knowing what part of speech a
word is (noun, verb, preposition, |
Dear Miss Li, etc.) can help you understand
the word's meaning.

I'd like to thank you for giving money to Animal
Helpers. I’m sure you know that this group was set up to help disabled people
like me. You helped to make it possible for me to have Lucky. Lucky makes a
big difference to my life. Let me tell you my story.

What would it be like to be blind or deaf? Or imagine you can’t walk or use your
hands easily. Most people would never think about this, but many people have
these difficulties. I can’t use my arms or legs well, so normal things like answering
the telephone, opening and closing doors, or carrying things are difficult for me.
Then one day last year, a friend of mine helped me out. She talked to Animal
Helpers about getting me a special trained dog. She also thought a dog might
cheer me up. I love animals and I was excited about the idea of having a dog.

After six months of training with a dog at Animal Helpers, I was able to bring him
home. My dogs name is Lucky — a good name for him because I feel very lucky to
have him. You see, I’m only able to have a “dog helper” because of your kindness!
Lucky is very clever and understands many English words. He can understand me
when I give him orders. For example, I say, “Lucky! Get my book,” and he does it
at once.

Lucky is a fantastic dog. I’ll send you a photo of
him if you like, and I could show you how he
helps me. Thank you again for changing my life.

Best wishes,
Ben Smith

eeccccccccccccce|||| help to clean up the city parks. eecccccccccccccccscccs UNIT 2 。。。。。。。。。。。。，

2c Look at the list of words below. Circle) the part of speech of each word
and make your own sentences with these words.
. group (adj. /n.) _
. disabled ( adj. / adv. )
. difference ( adv. / n. )
. imagine (v. / n. )
. difficulties (n. / adj. )
. normal ( adv. / adj. )

. training (adv. / n. )
. kindness (n. / v. )

onan fF wN 于

2d Use the information in the letter to make true sentences by matching

the different parts.
SUBJECT VERB OBJECT
Miss Li can get unable to move well.
Ben Smith trains money to Animal Helpers.
Lucky sent aa animals like Lucky.
Animal Helpers is things for disabled people.

2e Discuss the questions with a partner.

1. In what other ways do you think dogs are able to help people?

2. What other animals can we train to help people?

3a Look at these kinds of volunteer work. Can you add more? What would
you like to do? Discuss it with a partner.

© Working in an old people’s home
¢ Helping kids in an after-school program
¢ Being a guide at a museum
\eeeccccccccos UNIT 2 .oo

3b Write a letter or e-mail to the place you want to volunteer at.

Which volunteer job do you want to do? Id like to / I'm interested in / I want to volunteer as
What are your interests and hobbies? “
I'm good at / I'm strong in / In my free time, I like
to ... so I think Id be good at this job.

I want to help out as a volunteer in your old people's

How can these help you to do the job?
Why do you want to do the volunteer

job? home / school / museum / group because ...
When are you free to do the job? I'm free to help in / on ...
Dear Sir or Madam,

Yours truly,

1 Fill in each blank with a possible verb to make a phrasal verb. |

1. up 2: away 4 _after

2. off 4. out of 6. up with

2 Fillin the blanks with the appropriate phrasal verbs or infinitives.
Last week, Jimmy, the Bike Boy of money old bikes.

He was unhappy, so everyone was trying him up. He
some signs asking for old bikes and all his friends on the phone
them about the problem. He even notices at the

supermarket. Then he told the teachers at school about his problem and

they a call-in center for parents. The ideas that he with
worked out fine. He now has 16 bikes up and to
children who don't have bikes.

@
Language Goals:
Make polite
requests;

Ask for
permission

Peter, could you please
_ { take out the rubbish?

fa Do you do these chores at home? Discuss them with your partner.

1. do the dishes 2. take out the rubbish 3. fold your clothes
4. sweep the floor —_$. make your bed 6. clean the living room

ab Listen. Who will do these chores? Check (w) Peter’s mother or Peter.

Chores Peter's mother Peter
do the dishes
sweep the floor
take out the rubbish
make the bed
fold the clothes
clean the living room

A: Could you please sweep the floor?
Make conversations about the B: Yes, sure. Can you do the dishes?
chores in la. A: Well, could you please do them?

I'm going to clean the living room.
B: No problem.

ecccccccccccce UNIT 3 ccccccccccccccccccccccccccsccccescescesscssesscsccssescecseeees

Listen. Peter asks his father if he can do
four things. What does his father say?

Check (w) yes or no.
Peter wants to... Peter's father says ... | His father’s reasons
go out pe dinner. ii ah yes Ho REE hares to do some work.
gotothe movies. | yes _ no | Youhave to clean your room.
ay auth | = yes _ no | Ineed to ett bredkfast af
geta nde a | __ yes ____no | Youhavea basketball gene,

2b Listen again. Why does Peter’s father say “no”? Draw lines to the reasons
in the chart in 2a.

ac Make conversations between Peter and his father.

A: Could I use your computer?

B: Sorry. I’m going to work on it now.

A: Well, could I watch TV?
B: Yes, you can, but first you have to clean your room.

2d Role-play the conversation.

Sister: Tony, could you please help out with a few things?

Brother: Could I at least finish watching this show?

Sister: No. I think two hours of TV is enough for you!

Brother: Fine. What do you want me to do?

Sister: Could you take out the rubbish, fold the clothes and do the dishes?

Brother: So much?

Sister: Yes, because Mom will be back
from shopping any minute now.
And she won't be happy if she sees
this mess.

Brother: But the house is already pretty
clean and tidy!

Sister: Yes, well, it’s clean, but it’s not
“mother clean”!

18 )

:。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 (Could you please clean your ro00m?。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 UNIT 3 。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

Ba Read the story and answer the questions.

1. Why was Nancy’s mom angry with her?
2. Did they solve the problem? How?

Last month, our dog welcomed me
when I came home from school. He
wanted a walk, but I was too tired.

_ I threw down my bag and went to the
living room. The minute I sat down in
front of the TV, my mom came over.

“Could you please take the dog for a
walk?” she asked.

“Could I watch one show first?” I asked.

“No!” she replied angrily. “You watch TV all the time and never help out
around the house! I can’t work all day and do housework all evening.’

“Well, I work all day at school, too! I’m just as tired as you are!” I shouted
back.

一 Mymom did not say anything and walked away. For one week, she did not
do any housework and neither did I. Finally, I could not find a clean dish or
a clean shirt.

The next day, my mom came home from work to find the house clean and
tidy.
“What happened?” she asked in surprise.

“Tm so sorry, Mom. I finally understand that we need to share the housework
to have a clean and comfortable home,” I replied.

3b Read the sentences below. Underline the sentences from the reading
that mean the same thing.

1. Neither of us did any housework for a week.
2. My mom came over as soon as I sat down in front of the TV.
3. You're tired, but I’m tired, too.

Be Decide whether the underlined words in the sentences are verbs or nouns.
Then write another sentence using the underlined word in the other form.

1. Could you take the dog for a walk? (noun) —> I walked home from school. (verb)

2. Could I watch one show first?

3. I can’t work all day.
4. You watch TV all the time.
5. “What happened?” she asked in surprise.

cccccccccccces UNIT 3 coccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccscccssessccccsssscccccsssscseces

- Could | go out for dinner with my friends? Sure, that should be OK. =

Could we get something to drink after the movie? ”No you can’t. You have a
| basketball pall game tomorrow.

‘i OK, but | want to watch one
~ show first.

Yes, Sure. .

Could you please take the dog for a walk?

_ Could you please take out the rubbish? _ %

Write R for requests and P for permissions. Then match each one with
the correct response.

1. ___ Could hang out with my friends a. Yes, here you are.
after the movie? b. Hmm. How much do you need?
__ Couldyou please pass me the salt? © Yes, sure. No problem. I finished reading

____ Could I borrow that book? itlast night.

2

; d. Yes, but don’t come back too late.

4 ___ Could you help me do the dishes? No, I can’t. Icut my finger and I'm trying
S

Could you lend me some money? not to get it wet.

4b Fill in the blanks in the conversation.

A: [hate to chores.

B: Well, I hate some chores too, but I like other chores.

A: Really? Great! ask you to me with some chores then?

B: What do you need help with?

A: you please my clothes for me?

B: I don’t want to do that! It’s boring!

A: OK. Then you do the dishes for me?

B: Sure, no problem. But we go to the movies after that?

A: Sure. I'll finish my homework while you help me with the dishes. Then we
can go to the movies.

ac Make a list of things your group needs to do To-do list | Name
for a camping trip. Then discuss who will do ”bringatent | Liu Chang
them and complete the chart. Pr ore

A: Could you please bring a tent, A a
Liu Chang? f ; |
B: Sure. And could you please ...?

C: Sorry, I can’t. I have to ...

te eeeeeeeeeeeeee Could you please clean your room? ee UNIT 3 seccceccccees:

fa What do teenagers ask their
parents’ permission for? What
do parents ask their teenagers
to do? Write parents or teenagers

next to each phrase.
_W_ 1. buy some drinks and snacks teenagers 5. go to the store
____ 2. borrow some money 6. use your CD player _
3.cleanyourroom 7.takeoutthe rubbish
___ 4. invite my friends to a party _ 8. make your bed _ 7

1b Use the phrases in 1a to make conversations.

Parent: Could you clean your Child: Could I invite my friends to a party?

room? Parent: No, you can’t have a party. You
Child: Yes, I can. have a test on Monday.

Listen to a conversation between Sandy and her mom. Check (w) the
things in 1a that you hear.

1a Listen again. Fill in the chart.

What are they going to do?
Sandy's mom
Sandy invite her friends,
Sandy and Dave

te You are having a party. Ask your partner for help with these things:

|

| go to the store buy drinks and snacks ”do the dishes
| clean the living room _ take out the rubbish

A: Could you please take out the rubbish?
B: Yes, sure.

ee UNIT 3 coccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccsceceeeseeeeececcsssccceces

2a Discuss the questions with your partner.
1. What do you often do to help your parents at home?
2. Do you think kids should help out with chores at home?

2b The Sunday Mail magazine invited parents to write about whether they
think young people should do chores at home. Read the following letters.
Which one agrees and which one disagrees?

ee Skimming

Dear Sir, This means looking quickly

I do not understand why some parents make their through a piece of writing to
kids help with housework and chores at home. Kids find the main idea without
these days already have enough stress from school. reading every word. It is still
They do not have time to study and do housework, a good idea to read the first ;

; me sentence in each paragraph
too. Housework is a waste of their time. Could we alittle more carefully.

just let them do their job as students? They should ae
spend their time on schoolwork in order to get good
grades and get into a good university. Also, when they get

older, they will have to do housework so there is _ E
m —

-一 一

no need for them to do it now. It is the parents’ job
to provide a clean and comfortable environment at
home for their children. And anyway, I think doing
chores is not so difficult. I do not mind doing them.

Ms. Miller

Dear Sir,

I think it is important for children to learn how to do chores and help their
parents with housework. It is not enough to just get good grades at school.
Children these days depend on their parents too much. They are always asking,
“Could you get this for me?” or “Could you help me with that?” Doing chores
helps to develop children’s independence and teaches them how to look after
themselves. It also helps them to understand the idea of fairness. Since they live
in one house with their parents, they should know that everyone should do their
part in keeping it clean and tidy. Our neighbors’ son got into a good college but
during his first year, he had no idea how to take care of himself. As a result, he
often fell ill and his grades dropped. The earlier kids learn to be independent, the
better it is for their future.

Mr. Smith

5 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 Could you please clean your room? eoccccccccccccccccccs UNIT 3 cocccccccccces

According to Ms. Miller and Mr. Smith, what are the pros and cons

about kids doing chores?

‘ Pros . | Cons
Doing chores helps to develop | Housework is a waste of children’s
children’s independence. | time.

ion

2d Write one sentence with each phrase from the letters.

1. a waste of time

2. there is no need for... to

3. do not mind

4. spend time on

5. in order to

6. it is not enough to
7. the earlier ... the better

2e Discuss the questions with a partner.

1. Which letter do you agree with? Why?

2. What would you say to the person who wrote

the letter you don’t agree with?

Do you think children should do some chores at home? Why or why
not? Discuss this with a partner and take notes.

Children should do chores Children should not do
because ... chores because ...
ecceccccccccoe UNIT 3 cocccccccccccccccccccccccccccsscsccscceseseccseeesseeescesceses:

3b Write a letter to the Sunday Mail and express your opinion.

gt PPO Seer eeeeeeseee essere sees eseseeeseseeeseseeeeEsseseeeeesEeeeeeesseeeesseeeeeesene,

Dear Sir or Madam,

I think/believe that
I agree/disagree that
I think it is fair/unfair for children to
I think children should/should not
because

For example, they should/should not
because

Yours truly,

1 Make a list of chores using these verbs.
1. do
2. clean
3

make
fold

sweep
take out

4.

5
6

2 Are these polite requests or permissions? Write the numbers in
the correct places in the chart.

. Could you please do your homework? Requests | Permissions
. Could I watch TV?
. Could you take out the rubbish first?

|

i
2.
3
4. Could I use your computer? |
|
6

. Could I leave now?

|
. Could you come back before nine?

3 Use the questions in activity 2 to write a conversation.
A
B:

<
Language Goals:
Talk about
problems;

Give advice

fa Look at these problems. Do you think they are serious or not? Write
them in the appropriate box.

1. Ihave to study too much so I don’t get enough sleep.

2. Ihave too much homework so I don’t have any free time to do things I like.
3. My parents don’t allow me to hang out with my friends.

4. Ihave too many after-school classes.

5. I got into a fight with my best friend.

Serious Not serious

1b Listen and circle» the problems you hear in 1a.

A: Whats wrong?
B: I’m really tired because I studied until midnight
last night.

tc Look at the problems
in la and make
conversations.

A: Why don’t you go to sleep earlier this evening?

Me's seisin 66 6's 6: (MET G0 # 01010 010 0'0'0:0.0%0 0.010900 w-0dN') v0 5.0'0'6 01 0 0:0'9\0'010.0:6'0/0's 00,0096 .0's)6.0 weaieeieins

Listen. Peter’s friend is giving him advice. Fill in the blanks with could

or should.
Advice
1. You write him a letter. ( )
2. You call him up. ( )
3. You talk to him so that you can say you're sorry. ( )
4. You go to his house. ( )
5. You take him to the ball game. ( )

Listen again. Why doesn’t Peter like his friend’s advice? Write the
letters (a—e) next to the advice in 2a.

Why Peter doesn’t like the advice 全
a. It’s not easy. :
b. I don’t want to wait that long.
c. I don’t want to surprise him.
d. I’m not good at writing letters.
e. I don’t want to talk about it on the phone.

et OE

2 Role-play a conversation between Peter and his
friend.

A: What's the matter, Peter?
B: Thad a fight with my best friend. What should I do?

A: Well, you should call him so that you can say
youre sorry.

2d Role-play the conversation.

Dave: You look sad, Kim. What’s wrong?

Kim: Well, I found my sister looking through my things yesterday. She took
some of my new magazines and CDs.

Dave: Hmm ... that’s not very nice. Did she give them back to you?

Kim: Yes, but I’m still angry with her. What should I do?

Dave: Well, I guess you could tell her to say sorry. But why don’t you forget
about it so that you can be friends again? Although she’s wrong, it’s not
a big deal.

Kim: You're right. Thanks for your advice.

Dave: No problem. Hope things work out.
eeeeeeeeeeeeee Why don't you talk to your parents? evcccccccccccccccccs UNIT GZ coccccccccccce:

Look at this letter to a magazine and the reply from Robert Hunt, a
school counselor. Complete the chart.

Dear Mr. Hunt,
My problem is that I can’t get on with my family. Relations between my parents
have become difficult. They fight a lot, and I really don’t like it. It’s the only
communication they have. I don’t know if I should say anything to them about
this. When they argue, it’s like a big, black cloud hanging over our home. Also, my
elder brother is not very nice to me. He always refuses to let me watch my favorite
TV show. Instead he watches whatever he wants
until late at night. I don’t think this is fair. At home
I always feel lonely and nervous. Is that normal?
What can I do?

Sad and Thirteen

Dear Sad and Thirteen,
It’s not easy being your age, and it’s normal to have
these feelings. Why don’t you talk about these feelings with your family? If your
parents are having problems, you should offer to help. Maybe you could do more
jobs around the house so that they have more time for proper communication.
Secondly, why don’t you sit down and communicate with your brother? You should
explain that you don’t mind him watching TV all the time. However, he should let
you watch your favorite show. I hope things will be better for you soon.

Robert Hunt Problems Advice

TPR， OI

3b Do you agree or disagree with Mr. Hunt’s advice? Why?
I agree/disagree with his advice because ...

3c Which words or phrases in the letters have the same or similar meanings
as the following? Write a sentence using each word or phrase.

make sth. clear — explain Can you explain to me how to do this math problem?
talk 一

not allow

worried

get along with

es UNIT A coccccccccccccccccccccccsccccccceceseceeeseeeeeeeesecsseseseees

You look tired. What's the
Matter? SI

站 二 ES about it? Although s h she's wrong,
What should! do? ite Norabiydeale . 9

| studied until midnight last night so | didn’t get

ise should he do? & i nd so that he can say he's

Maybe you could ge to his | guess | could, but | ‘don’ t want to surprise him.

@  Fillin the blanks with although, so that or until.

1. A: Whats wrong?
B: My sister borrows my clothes without asking. What should I do?
A: Well, you could tell her that this makes you angry she'll ask
you next time.
2. A: I don’t have any friends at my new school. What should I do?
B: you don’t have any now, you will soon make some.
3. A: I'm worried about my school grades. What’s your advice?
B: You shouldn't wait the last minute to study for a test.
4. A: Mike is my best friend, but he always copies my homework. What should
Ido?
B: he’s your best friend, you should still tell him that copying
others’ homework is wrong.

4b Write one piece of advice for each problem. Then compare your advice
with your partner’s and decide whether the advice is good or bad.
1. I’m very shy. Advice:
2. My sister and I fight all the time. Advice:
3. My sister spends all evening on the phone. Advice:
4. My cousin borrows my things without returning them. Advice:
5. My parents won't let me have a pet. Advice:

ac Choose one of the problems and
ask your classmates for advice. Problems
Decide which classmate has the
best advice.

You left your homework at home.

Your best friend is more popular than you.

A: My best friend is more popular than me. You are afraid of speaking in front of people.
I want to be like him. What should I do? Your best friend does not trust you anymore.

B: You could try to be friendlier. Your parents always argue,

C: You should just be yourself.

seeeecceeeeeeees Why don't you talk to your parents? eoccccccccccccscccces UNIT 4 。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

fa What activities do you like to do to help lower your
stress? Order them [1-8] with 1 being the most
favorite thing you do to lower stress.

_____ play sports
____ hang out with friends
____ talk to parents or other family members
___ spend time alone
____ play computer games
___ read books
_____ watch movies
other:

了 Tell your partner about your answers in 1a.

=
tc Listen and check (w) the problems Wei Ming talks about.

____ My parents give me a lot of pressure about school.
____I don’t get enough sleep.

____I don’t have enough free time.

___I had a fight with my parents.

I have to compete with my classmates at school.
1a Listen again. What advice does Alice give to Wei Ming? Fill in the blanks.

1. Although you may be with your parents, you should talk
to them. Ask them why they give you so much
2. Life shouldn't just be about . Free time activities like
and hanging out with friends are important, too.
3. You shouldn't with your classmates to get better grades.
You should all be each other to improve.

te What is your advice for Wei Ming? Tell your partner and say why.

A: I think Wei Ming should ...
B: Why?

A: Because ...

veccccccccccces UNIT A ceccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccecccsccccccccoce’s

2a Check (w) the after-school activities you and your classmates usually do.

do homewdsk: #5! d1.t oY gridit siindyst use the Internet :
have after-school lessons hang out with friends
watch movies _____ play sports or exercise

2b Read the article and answer the questions.

1. What is the common problem for Chinese and American families?

2. Who gives their opinions about the problem?

Guessing the Meaning

When reading something
Maybe You Should Learn to Relax! for the 'RiSt thie! dé not
These days, Chinese children are sometimes busier on | worry about words you
weekends than weekdays because they have to take so do not know. Use the
many after-school classes. Many of them are learning context to help you guess
exam skills so that they can get into a good high school | the meaning.
and later a good university. Others are practicing sports
so that they can compete and win. However, this doesn’t only happen in China.

‘The Taylors are a typical American family. Life for Cathy Taylor's three children is
very busy. “On most days after school,” Cathy says, “I take one of my two boys to
basketball practice and my daughter to football training. Then I have to take my
other son to piano lessons. Maybe I could cut out a few of their activities, but I
believe these activities are important for my children’s future. I really want them to
be successful.” However, the tired children don’t get home until after 7:00 p.m. They
have a quick dinner, and then it’s time for homework.

Linda Miller, a mother of three, knows all about such
stress. “In some families, competition starts very young
and continues until the kids get older,” she says. “Mothers
send their small kids to all kinds of classes. And they are
always comparing them with other children. It’s crazy. I
don’t think that’s fair. Why don’t they just let their kids be
kids? People shouldn't push their kids so hard.”

Doctors say too much pressure is not good for a child’s
development. Dr. Alice Green says all these activities can
cause a lot of stress for children. “Kids should have time to
relax and think for themselves, too. Although it’s normal to
want successful children, it’s even more important to have happy children.”

oeeeceeecceeeee Why don't you talk to your parents? eccccccccccccccccccs UNIT GA 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

2 Look at the words in bold in the article. Can you guess their meanings?
Try to match them with the meanings below.

1. Keeps on happening

2. Physical exercise and practice of skills

3. Worries about things at home, school or work

4. Usual or common

5. Try to be the best or the first to finish something

6. Getting better or bigger

7. Looking for differences and similarities between things

2d Read the article again and answer the questions.

1. Does Cathy Taylor think it’s important for kids to join after-school _
activities?

2. Does Linda Miller agree with Cathy? What’s her opinion?

3. Does Dr. Green agree with Cathy or Linda? What does she say?

2e Discuss the questions with your partner.

1. What do you think of after-school activities?
2. What should you do to relax?

3a A magazine interviewed some parents about after-school classes for
children. Read the opinions below and make notes on your own opinions.

Why should children take
after-school classes?

1. “After-school classes can help kids Agree:

get into a good university.’
2. “I want my child to be a successful

person.” Disagree:
3. “It’s good for children to start

learning from a young age.”

Your opinions
ee UNIT4 cocccccccccccccccccccceccccescceseecsesseeceescesceseeeesceeses
Write a letter to the magazine to express your opinions on after-school
classes for children. Use the following expressions to help you.

Try to write two paragraphs. =
First, say if you agree or disagree. | Then, explain why.

Dear x: | In my opinion, it is important for

I don't really agree with ... because ... | thildren/parents to «.

Although some parents are right I believe it is better if children/parents

about ..., I think children should ... --- $0 that ...
Perhaps children/parents should/could

If children ..., they will ...

1 Fillin the blanks using until, so that or although.

1. You should eat more now you won't be hungry later.

2. you may not like to do chores, you should help your parents
around the house.

3. You could save more money you can buy a gift for your
friend’s birthday.

4. Kids shouldn't play computer games late at night. They
should rest early.

5: many people like to eat junk food, they should really eat
more fruit and vegetables they can be healthy.

2 For each problem, choose the advice you agree with more.
Then write your own advice.

1. My best friend and I had a fight, and now she won't speak to me.
A. You should keep trying to talk to her until she talks to you.
B. Why don't you wait a few more days before talking to her?
My advice:
2. My friend wants me to go to a party on the weekend, but I want to study
for my exams next week.
A. Why don't you just go to the party? It'll help you to relax.
B. You should study for the exams because they’re more important than
a party.
My advice:
3. My brother watches television while I’m trying to study.
A. Why don't you tell him to do something quiet when you're studying?
B. You could tell him to turn down the TV.
My advice:

What were you doing when the
rainstorm came?

Language Goals:
Talk about past
events;

Tell a story

What were people 人
doing yesterday at the time 人
of the rainstorm?

fa Where were the people at the time of the rainstorm? Match the
statements with the people in the picture.

L. Iwas inthe library. 3. I was on the street.

2. Iwasinmyhouse. 4. I was at the bus stop.

tb Listen to the TV report and ‘circle the correct responses.

a. doing my homework / studying
b. playing basketball / reading

c. going to work / waiting for the bus

d. walking home / shopping

A: What was the girl doing at
qc Talk about what the people in 1a were the anne ee

doing at the time of the rainstorm.

B: She was ...

eeeccccccccce UNITS coccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccscccsceeccescccceccccceccccccs

a Listen and number the pictures [1-5].

I so busy I took a hot shower and
for the up late. some warm
umbrella that I didn’t see food.

a car coming.

I
the bus when it | foi
to rain heavily.

to
the bus stop but I still
missed the bus.

|

2b Listen again. Fill in the blanks in the sentences in 2a.

2c Use the information in 2a to retell the story in a conversation between
the boy and a TV reporter.

TV reporter: Tell us what happened yesterday morning.
Boy:

TV reporter: So, when the rainstorm suddenly came, what were you doing?
Boy:

2d Role-play the conversation.

Mary: What were you doing last night, Linda? I called at seven and you didn’t
pick up.

Linda: Oh, I was in the kitchen helping my mom.

Mary: I see. I called again at eight and you didn’t answer then either.

Linda: What was I doing at eight? Oh, I know. When you called, I was taking a
shower.

Mary: But then I called again at nine.

Linda: Oh, I was sleeping at that time.

Mary: So early? That's strange.

linda: Yeah, I was tired. Why did you call so many times?

Mary: I needed help with my homework. So while you were sleeping, I called
Jenny and she helped me.
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeee What were you doing when the rainstorm came?。。。。。。。。。。 UNITS 。。。。。。。。。。。。。

Read the passage and answer the
questions.

The Storm Brought People
Closer Together

Ben could hear strong winds outside his home in Alabama. Black clouds were
making the sky very dark. With no light outside, it felt like midnight. The news on
TV reported that a heavy rainstorm was in the area.

Everyone in the neighborhood was busy. Ben’s dad was putting pieces of wood

over the windows while his mom was making sure the flashlights and radio were

working. She also put some candles and matches on the table.

Ben was helping his mom make dinner when the rain began to beat heavily against

the windows. After dinner, they tried to play a card game, but it was hard to have

fun with a serious storm happening outside.

Ben could not sleep at first. He finally fell asleep when the wind was dying down at
around 3:00 a.m. When he woke up, the sun was

_ rising. He went outside with his family and found the

_ neighborhood in a mess. Fallen trees, broken windows

| and rubbish were everywhere. They joined the

| neighbors to help clean up the neighborhood together.

明 Although the storm broke many things apart, it

| brought families and neighbors closer together.

3b Complete the sentences using information from the passage.

1. When the news on TV was reported, strong winds
outside.
2. While Ben’s mom was making sure the radio was working, his dad

3. Ben when the heavy rain finally started.
4. When Ben at 3:00 a.m., the wind

Be Discuss the questions with a partner.

“Although the storm broke many things apart, it brought families and
neighbors closer together.” What other things can bring people closer
together? How can we help each other in times of difficulty?

Feccccccccccce UNITS ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccesccccccccccccccccccecececcccccccees

__ Iwas taking a shower.

What was she doing at the time She was doing her homework. |
of the rainstorm? : |

What was he doing when the ‘He was reading in the library when the
rainstorm came? rainstorm came. |

What was Ben doing when it began = When it began to rain, Ben was helping his _
to rain heavily? mom make dinner. |

What was Jenny doing while Linda While Linda was sleeping, Jenny was
Was sleeping? helping Mary with her homework.

4a Look at the table and write sentences with both while and when.

John | Mary
take photos boya drink
play the piano eave thehouse
clean his room turn on the radio
shop takethecartothecarwash

While John was taking photos, Mary bought a drink.

John was taking photos when Mary bought a drink.
4b Fill in the blanks with was, were, when or while.

At 7:00 a.m., I woke up. I making my breakfast, my brother

listening to the radio. I was eating, the radio news talked about
a car accident near our home. My brother and I went out right away to have a
look. we got to the place of the accident, the car in bad shape
from hitting a tree. But luckily, the driver fine. Theroads__icy
because of the heavy snow from the
night before.

A: What were you doing at nine

o'clock last Sunday morning?

ac What were you doing at these times “ Twas sleeping. How about you?
last Sunday? Fillin the chart. Then | “ ! was doing my homework.

ask your partner. B: You're kidding!
You Your partner
9:00 a.m.
11:30 a.m.
4:00 p.m.
9:00 p.m.

36 J
veeeeeceeeeeeeee What were you doing when the rainstorm came?。。。。。。。。。。。，UNIT 5 。。。。。。。。。。

fa Think of a time when you were late for or couldn’t
go to an event. What was the event? What was the
reason why you were late or couldn’t go? Tell your
partner the story.

一
1b Listen and write short answers to the questions.

1. What event happened at the school yesterday?

2. Who missed the event?

3. Which team won at the event?

‘aa
tc Listen again. Number the events [1-6] in the order they happened.

____ Kate saw a dog by the side of the road.
____ Kate got to the bus stop.

____ Kate called the Animal Helpline.

_ 1 Kate left the house.

____ Kate waited for someone to walk by.

____ Kate realized her bag was still at home.

Talk about why Kate missed the school basketball competition. Student A
begins a sentence with while or when. Student B completes the sentence.

A: When the school basketball competition started ...
B: When the school basketball competition started, Kate was still

making her way to school.
vocccccccccccce UNITS cocccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccseseeeecececccccsccccces

2a Look at the pictures and title in the passage. What do you think the
passage is about?

2b Read the passage and answer the questions.

1. What are the two events in the passage?
2. When did they happen?

Reading the Title and First Sentences

The title can be helpful for you to
understand a text. It is also a good idea to
Do You Remember read the first sentence of each paragraph

What You Were Doing? before you read the whole text.

People often remember what they were doing when they heard the news of
important events in history. In America, for example, many people remember
what they were doing on April 4, 1968. This was an important event in
American history. On this day, Dr. Martin Luther King was killed. Although
some people may not remember who killed him, they remember what they
were doing when they heard the news.

| Robert Allen is now over 50, but he was a school pupil

j at that time. “I was at home with my parents,” Robert
remembers. “We were eating dinner in the kitchen when
we heard the news on the radio. The news reporter said,
‘Dr. King died just 10 minutes ago: My parents were
completely shocked! My parents did not talk after that,
and we finished the rest of our dinner in silence”

More recently, most Americans remember what they were doing when the
World Trade Center in New York was taken down by terrorists. Even the
date 一 September 11, 2001 — has meaning to most Americans.

cr

一 This was a day Kate Smith will never forget. She
remembers working in her office near the two

C towers. “My friend shouted that a plane just hit

~ the World Trade Center! I didn’t believe him at

first, but then I looked out of the window and

realized that it was true. I was so scared that I

~~ could hardly think clearly after that.”

Se eeecescccceeee What were you doing when the rainstorm came?。。。。。。。。。。 UNIT 5 。。。。。。。。。。。。

2c Read the passage again. Are the following statements true (T) or false
(F), or is the information not given (NG)?

____ 1. Everyone in America remembers who killed Dr. King.

____ 2. Robert Allen was eating lunch when Dr. King was killed.

____ 3. Robert’s parents were shocked to hear the news.

____ 4. Kate Smith was watching a movie when a plane hit the World
Trade Center.

____ 5. Kate didn’t think her friend was telling the truth about the event.

2d Underline sentences from the passage with similar meanings to the
ones below.

1. Not everyone will remember who killed him, but they can remember what
they were doing when they heard that he got killed.

2. No one said anything for the rest of dinner.

3. September 11, 2001— the date alone means something to most people
in the US.

4. Thad trouble thinking clearly after that because I was very afraid.

2e How much do you remember about the events in the passage? Test your
partner.

A: When did Dr. Martin Luther King die?

B: He died on...

3a Make notes about an event you remember well.

What was the event?

When did it happen?

Where did it happen?

What were you doing?

What were your friends doing?
Why was it important?

Why do you remember this event?
oo UNITS cocccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccscecccceescesesescscsces!

Write a short article about the important event in 3a. Try to write three

paragraphs.
wf) ,
[六 An important event that I remember well
First, write about the event | was. It happened in/ |
(when and where it ~ on ste : at/in |
happened). | |
P) |
Next, write about what you | When I heard the news of this event/ |
and some of your friends Lm When this event happened, I was |
were doing when this event 上 .My |
happened. Lo friends were ‘ |
Then, write about why this | This event is very important to me because |
event was important. pO ./L remember |
this event well because — -
1 Fill in the blanks with when or while.
| 五 I was walking home from school, I saw a strange light in the sky.
But I pointed it out to my friend, it went away.
2. I told my older brother about the strange light in the sky, he just
laughed and didn’t believe me.
3. my brother was laughing, the television news reported that

other people had seen the light as well.

2 Fillin the blanks with the correct forms of the words in brackets.

When I (be) in the sixth grade, I (join) a piano
competition. I (practice) for four hours every day and my
piano teacher (come) three times a week to (help)
me. Then the big day finally (arrive). I (be) so
nervous when they (call) my name. I __ (go) up and
(start) to play. While I (play), everyone
(sit) still and listened. I played the song without any mistakes. Then I
(wait) for them to call out the winner. When I (hear)
my name, my heart (beat) so quickly I thought I would stop
breathing. I couldn't believe it. I (win)! It (be) the
happiest day of my life!

@

An old man tried to move the
mountains.

Language Goal:
Tell a story

1a Match the story titles with the pictures [a-d].

Journey to the West ____ Yu Gong Moves a Mountain
____ Hou Yi Shoots the Suns Nu Wa Repairs the Sky

1b Listen and check (w) the facts you hear. Which story are Anna and
Wang Ming talking about?
The two mountains were very high and big.
A very old man tried to move the mountains.

Aman told Yu Gong that he could never do it.

1 Discuss the questions 1. How does the storybegin?

with your partner. 2. What happened next?
3. Where would they put all the earth and

stone from the mountains?

eseeeeeeeeeee UNIT G cocccccccccccccccccccccccecccccccccccccccccccccccccsccccccceccce

2a Listen and number the pictures [1-4] in order to tell the story.

ia

2B Listen again and ‘circle the words you hear.

1. Aman saw Yu Gong and his (children / family) when they were working on
moving the mountains.

2. He told Yu Gong he could never do it because he was old and (poor / weak).

3. As soon as the man finished (talking / speaking), Yu Gong said that his family
could continue to move the mountains after he died.

4. Finally, a god was so moved by Yu Gong that he sent (two / three) gods to take
the mountains away.

5. This story reminds us that you can never (know / see) what's possible unless
you try to make it happen.

Look at the pictures in 2a and tell the story in your own words.
Role-play the conversation.

Teacher: So what do you think about the story of Yu Gong?

Wang Ming: I think it’s really interesting. Yu Gong found a good way to solve his
problem.

Claudia: Really? I think it’s a little bit silly. It doesn’t seem very possible to
move a mountain.

Wang Ming: But the story is trying to show us that anything is possible if you
work hard! Yu Gong kept trying and didn’t give up.

Claudia: Well, I still don’t agree with you. I think we should try to find other
ways to solve a problem.

Wang Ming: But what could Yu Gong do instead of moving the mountains?

Claudia: + Well, there are many other ways. For example, he could build a road.
That’s better and faster than moving a mountain!

Teacher: You have different opinions about the story, and neither of you are
wrong. There are many sides to a story and many ways to understand it.

@
eeeececeesceeees An old man tried to move the mountains。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 UNIT 6 。。。。。。。。。。。。

Read the passage and answer the questions.

1. Which book is talked about?
2.Who is the main character?
3. What is he like?

In November 1979, pupils in England were able
to watch a new TV program called Monkey. Most
of them were hearing this story for the first time. However, this story is not
new to Chinese children. The Monkey King or Sun Wukong is the main
character in the traditional Chinese book Journey to the West.

The Monkey King is not just any normal monkey.
In fact, he sometimes does not even look like
a monkey! This is because he can make 72
changes to his shape and size, turning himself
into different animals and objects. But unless
“a he can hide his tail, he cannot turn himself
into a man. To fight bad people, the Monkey
King uses a magic stick. Sometimes he can make the stick so small that he
can keep it in his ear. At other times, he is able to make it big and long.

ie @ ee 8 8 © 8 8 eh.

The Monkey King has excited the children of China for many years. And as
soon as the TV program came out more than 30 years ago, Western children
became interested in reading this story because the clever Monkey King keeps
fighting to help the weak and never gives up.

)

3b Read the passage again and complete the chart about the Monkey King.

What he can do What he cannot do

3c Complete the sentences below with phrases from the passage.

1. Journey to the Westisa___ Chinese book. It tells one of the most popular
stories in China.

2. When the English TV program Monkey _in 1979, Western
children __ this wonderful story.

3. The Monkey King can tohis body. Heisableto _—_ different
animals and objects.

4. The Monkey King make his magic stick small or large.

4 43)
ecccccccccces UNIT G cocccccccccccccccccccccsccccccccescecccesensecessseseeeessescees

Re ‘Once upon a time, there was a very old man
Assoonasthemanfinishedtalking YuGong
Saidthat his family could continue to move the

How does the story begin?

What happened next?

. mountains after he died. |
Why was Yu Gong trying to move Because they were so big that it took a long
the mountains? time to walk to the other side.

“Who is the Monkey King? “He is the main character in Journey to the West.
He cannot turn himself into a man unless he

can hide his tail.

What can't the Monkey King do?

aa Fill in the blanks with unless, as soon as or so ... that.

1. her father died, the stepsisters made her do all the chores.

2. She was busy she had no time to make a dress for the party.

3. The mice knew that they helped her make a dress, she would not be
able to go to the party.

4. ____ the prince saw her, he fell in love with her.

5S. The prince knewthat__ the girl’s foot could fit the shoe, it was not the
right girl.

6. The new couple were happy _ they couldn't stop smiling

when they got married.

4b Fill in the blanks with the correct forms of the verbs in brackets.

The Monkey King is the main character from the famous Chinese story

Journey to the West. He is wonderful becausehe __—_ (help) weak people.
The Monkey King (have) a magic stick. He (use) it to fight
bad people.Hecan___ (make) the stick big or small. He can sometimes
make the stick so small that he can put it in his ear. As soon as he (see)
bad people, he thinks of ways to fight them. He can (turn) himself
into different animals and objects. But unless he can hide his tail, he cannot
make himself a human. Children all over the world (love) the
Monkey King!

ac Tell your partner about your favorite My favorite story is …

story. It is interesting because …

@
seccccccccccceeeAn old man tried to move the mountains。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 UNIT 6 。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

fa Match the words with the letters in the pictures in Ic.

-gold emperor

silk underwear

“1b Listen and number the pictures [1-5] in 1c.

1. Listen again and fill in the blanks.

744 When the emperor
y
/大 at himself, he only

his underwear.

Nobody wanted to sound &
stupid. But suddenly, a
young boy

“Look! The emperor isn’t

any clothes!”

The emperor had to
silk and gold,.but they

everything for themselves. They were
trying to cheat the emperor.

‘ Two came to the city to

make special clothes for the emperor.

Once upon a time, there

was an emperor ...

1d Use the pictures in Ic to tell the story.
coccccccccccce UNIT6 coccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc cece cc ccccccceccccesccccsccceee

2a A fairy tale is an old, traditional story. Do you
know what these fairy tales are about?

Sleeping Beauty
Cinderella

Little Red Riding Hood
2b Read the first paragraph of Hansel and Gretel.

Think about how the fairy tale will continue.
Then read the rest of the story.

Finding Out the Text Type
Hansel and Gretel Before you read, decide
Hansel and Gretel lived near a forest with their what kind of text it is. Is

father and stepmother. One year, the weather was it a letter, a play, a short
so dry that no food would grow. The wife told her story or something else?
husband that unless he left the children to die in the
forest, the whole family would die. Gretel heard this, and Hansel made a plan to save
himself and his sister.

SCENE ONE:

Gretel: Did you hear our stepmother planning to kill us?

Hansel: Don’t worry! I have a plan to save us.

Gretel: How can you save us?

Hansel: Be quiet! I’m going outside to get something in the moonlight.
Now, go to sleep.

SCENE TWO:

Wife: Get up, lazy children!

Husband: Yes, dears. You must come with me to the forest to get wood.
Wife: Here's some bread. Don't eat it until you get to the forest.

SCENE THREE:

Gretel: Hansel, what are you doing?

Hansel: I’m dropping white stones along the way. Unless I do, we'll be lost.
Tonight, when the moon is shining bright, we'll be able to see the stones.

SCENE FOUR:
Wife: You bad children! What a long time you slept in the forest!
| Husband: We thought you were never coming back.

Wife: Now, go to bed. As soon as you wake up, you must go to the forest with

your father.
Hansel: | What, again? I want to go out to look at the moon.
Wife: No. You can't go out now.
occccccceceeeeee An old man tried to move the mountains。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 UNIT 6 ccecccccccccees

SCENE FIVE: - 7
Gretel: What can we do? You have no more stones.

Hansel: I’ll drop pieces of bread. As soon as the moon rises, we can follow them
instead.

SCENESIX: 加
Gretel: I can’t see any bread on the ground. Maybe it was the birds.
Hansel: Never mind! Just keep walking. Unless we do, we won't find our way out.

SCENE SEVEN:

Gretel: Hansel, we're really lost! :

Hansel: Listen! That bird’s song is so beautiful that we @
should follow it.

Gretel: Look! It’s leading us to that wonderful house
made of bread, cake and candy.

Let's eat part of the house!

Hansel:

(Then they hear an old woman's voice from inside the house. )
Voice: Who is that? Who is brave enough to eat my house?

2c Match each description below with the correct scene.

A. The children get lost.

B. The children wake up.

C. The children cannot find the pieces of bread.

D. Gretel learns about Hansel’s plan.

E. The children surprise the parents.

F. Hansel has to change his plan.

G. The children learn that something bad is going to happen.

2d Read the play again and answer the questions.

1. Why does the wife tell her husband to leave the children in the forest?
2. What does Hansel go out to get?

3. Why does he do this in the moonlight?

4. How do Hansel and Gretel find their way home?

5. Why do Hansel and Gretel get lost the second time?

2e Act out the play in groups of four.
ecccccccccccce UNIT6 ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccscececccccececcc ccc ccc ccce

Ba Write some key words from each scene. Then discuss your answers with

your partner.

Scene 1: plan, kill, save, ... Scene 5: _ ee
Scene2: - Scene6: —
Scene 3: — Scene 7: _

Scene 4:

3b Complete the summary of the play.

Gretel heard that their planned to her and her brother.
But Hansel had a plan to _ himself and his sister. He went to get some
white before he went to bed that night. The next day, the wife sent
the children to the . Hansel the stones as they walked.

Later that night, they could see the stones because of the shining __
The stones showed them the way home. Hansel wanted to get more stones,
but his stepmother did not let him go out. The next morning, the wife sent the

children to the forest again. Hansel had no stones, so he dropped of
. But the ate them, so Hansel and Gretel were in

the forest. They walked until they saw a made of food. Hansel

wanted to the house, but then they heard the voice of an old

coming from the house.

1 Use your own ideas to complete the sentences.

1. We will be late unless ... 4. Bill opened his book as soon as ... |
2. You won't be successful unless ... 5. The movie was so touching that ... |
3. As soon as I got to the bus stop ... 6. The boy was so excited that ... |

2 Fill in the blanks with the correct forms of the words in brackets.

| Once upon a time, there (be) anemperor He _(love) buyingandlooking |
| at clothes. One day, two brothers (come) tothe city. They __—__ (tell) the |
| emperor that they could make beautiful clothes for him, but he must (give) them silk

| and gold. Thebrothers___—_—_—_—(be) bad people. They (keep) all the silk and gold |
| for themselves. They told the emperor the clothes theymade _(be) special because

| only clever people could (see) them. When the emperor (put) on the |
| clothes, all he could see was his underwear. But he didn’t want people to (think) he was |
| stupid, so he (say) the clothes were beautiful. Then he (walk) aroundthe

city in his new clothes until one boy (shout), “The emperor isn’t wearing any clothes!”

&
What's the highest mountain
in the world?

Language Goal:
Talk about

geography
and nature

the Nile

the Caspian Sea the Sahara

fa Match the facts you know.

Qomolangma 7 ‘about 9,600,000 square kilometers in size |
The Sahara a 1,025 meters deep -
The Caspian Sea | 6671 kilometers long
TheNile | 8,844.43 meters high — 7

“1b Listen and complete the sentences.

1. Qomolangma is _ than any other mountain in the world.

2. The Saharais desert in the world.
3. The Caspian Sea is of all the salt lakes.
4. The Nile is river in the world.
tc Use the information in 1b to make A: What is the highest

conversations. mountain in the world?

B: Qomolangma.

cccccccccccces UNIT 7 cccccccccccccccccccccccccecenccescsccecccessscessceseeseeseesee:

a Listen and number the facts [1-4] in the order you hear them.

| 6,300 $,000 5,464 300
The Yangtze River is about kilometers long and
the Yellow River is _ kilometers long.

_____ China has the biggest population in the world. It’s a lot bigger
than the population of the US.
___ China is over years old. It has a much longer
history than the US. The US is not even years old.
__ China is almost as big as the US, and it is the biggest country in
Asia.

2b Listen again and fill in the blanks in 2a with the numbers in the box.

2c Make conversations using the information in 2a.

A: Did you know that China is one of the oldest
countries in the world?

B: Yes, I did. It’s much older than my country.

2d Role-play the conversation.

Guide: Feel free to ask me anything on today’s Great Wall tour.

Tourist 1: How long is the wall?

Guide: Ah, the most popular question! If we’re only talking about the parts

”from the Ming Dynasty, it’s about 8,850 kilometers long. This makes

it the longest wall in the world.

Tourist 2: Wow, that’s amazing! Why did the ancient emperors build the wall?

Guide: The main reason was to protect their part of the country. As you can see,
it’s quite tall and wide. As far as I know, there are no other man-made
objects as big as this.

Tourist 3: Is Badaling part of the Ming Great Wall?

Guide: Yes, it’s the most famous part.

150 J
'。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。VWhats the highest mountain in the world? 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 UNIT] 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

Read the article and match each
paragraph with the main ideas.

Paragraph 1 Spirit of climbers
Paragraph 2 Achievements of climbers
Paragraph 3 Facts and dangers

Qomolangma — the Most
Dangerous Mountain in the World?

One of the world’s most dangerous sports is mountain climbing, and one of the most
popular places for this is the Himalayas. The Himalayas run along the southwestern
part of China. Of all the mountains, Qomolangma rises the highest and is the most
famous. It is 8,844.43 meters high and so is very dangerous to climb. Thick clouds
cover the top and snow can fall very hard. Even more serious difficulties include
freezing weather conditions and heavy storms. It is also very hard to take in air as you
get near the top.

The first people to reach the top were Tenzing Norgay and
Edmund Hillary on May 29, 1953. The first Chinese team
did so in 1960, while the first woman to succeed was Junko
| Tabei from Japan in 1975.

Why do so many climbers risk their lives? One of the main
reasons is that people want to challenge themselves in the
face of difficulties. The spirit of these climbers shows us
that we should never give up trying to achieve our dreams.
It also shows that humans can sometimes be stronger than
the forces of nature.

3b Read the article again and complete the chart.

Paragraph 1
List four dangers for climbers
thick clouds

Paragraphs 1 & 3
List four comparisons

List three achievements

1953 - Tenzing Norgay and Edmund
| Hillary were the first to reach the top

most dangerous sport

| CAC ENENETESR OUEST en

3c Answer the questions using information from the article.

1. Where are the Himalayas?

2. How high is Qomolangma?

3. Why do so many people try to climb this mountain even though it is dangerous?
4. What does the spirit of the climbers tell us?

&
Cocccccccccccs UNIT 7 cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceeescccccceccccceccce

What's the highest mountain inthe ¢ Qomolangma.
world? |
How high is Qomolangma? if 5 8,844.43 meters high. It It's higher

than any other mountain,
|

Which is the deepest salt lake in the The Caspian Sea is the deepest of all the salt
world? lakes.

Did you know that China is one of Yes | did. It’s much older than the US.
the oldest countries in the world? ANG

4a Fill in the blanks with the correct forms of the words in the box.

1. The Amazon River is one of the rivers in the world.
It’s a little than the Yangtze River.
| 2. Qomolangma is 8,844.43 meters . It’s one of the
most places for serious mountain climbers.
| 3. No ocean in the world is as _as the Pacific Ocean.
b 4. Although Japan is than Canada, it is
smaller.

4b Write two comparisons about two topics. Write true facts.

e.g. Two rivers: _ the Yangtze River __ and __the Amazon River
_The Yangtze River is almost as longasthe AmazonRiver, =
The Amazon is longer than the Yangtze. but the Yangtze is the longest

_river in China.

Two cities: and

as

2:

Two animals: and
ale

Zs

ac Write five questions
using comparisons.
Then ask your partner
your questions.

What is the highest building in our city?

YPwWNr

&
。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。VWVhat's the highest mountain in the world?。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 UNIT 7 。。。。。。

th

ial

Compare facts about these two animals. Use the
language in the box to help you make sentences.

Elephant

- is 350 cm tall - is 150 cm tall

- weighs 5,000 kilos (standing on two legs)
- eats 150 kilos of food a day - weighs 100 kilos

- eats 10 kilos of food a day

{ESSER RT AAR ET TS PEELS

F
c
3

Example sentence:
This elephant weighs many times more than this panda.
部 (200 cm taller/shorter, weigh much more/less, eat much more/less, g
由 eat many times more) :
3
wwe

= EGE ETI OLE IE Te EMO ISS OIA ETI LY LIE LE PTE IEE tS

Listen and check (w) the numbers you hear.

Listen again and complete the sentences.

1. At birth, a baby panda is about to _kilos.

2. At birth, a baby panda is about cm long.

3. Ababy panda isnot black. Itis andithasno
4. A panda can live up to to years.

Take turns telling your classmates about pandas.

A: A baby panda cannot see.
B: An adult panda weighs many times more than

a baby panda.

coccccccccccce UNIT 7 coccccccccccccccccccccccccccceseceesccceeseeeeeeeeseesecesesece

2a Talk about pandas in your class. Use these words to help you.

| big bamboo zoo popular cute black and white

| Sichuan famous endangered beautiful forest protect

Read the article to find out what these numbers mean:
10, 12, 300, 2,000.

Scanning
It is 8:30 a.m. at the Chengdu Research Base. Panda | This means moving your eyes
keepers are preparing milk for the baby pandas’ quickly down the page to find

breakfast. At 9:00 a.m., they find that most of the specific information.
babies are already awake and hungry. When the
babies see the keepers, they run over to them with excitement and some of the
young pandas even walk into their friends and fall over!

Lin Wei, one of the panda keepers, says, “They’re so cute and lovely. I take care of
them like they’re my own babies. I wash, feed and play with them every day. They’re

| very special to me.” In fact, many people around the world love these black and white
animals. Pandas have become so popular that they are now a symbol of China.

Scientists say there are now fewer than 2,000 pandas living in the forests. Another
300 or so live in zoos or research centers in China and other countries. Pandas do
not have many babies, maybe only one every two years. The babies often die from
illnesses and do not live very long. Adult pandas spend more than 12 hours a day
eating about 10 kilos of bamboo. Many years ago, there were a lot more bamboo
forests and pandas in China, but then humans started to cut down these forests.
As the forests get smaller and other human activities cause more problems, pandas
cannot find enough to eat and they are having fewer babies.

An education program in Chengdu teaches children
about pandas and other endangered wild animals.
They send people to schools to tell children about the
importance of saving these animals. And the Chinese
government is trying hard to help save the pandas.
Scientists are doing research to better understand the
habits of pandas. We all hope that in the future there will be a lot more pandas.

2e Read the article again and write short answers to the questions.
1. What is Lin Weis job? __

2. What do the baby pandas have for breakfast?
3. Why are pandas endangered? |

4. What does the education program in Chengdu do?
5. Why are scientists doing research?

154 1

se eeccecceeveeeee What's the highest mountain in the world? 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 UNIT 7 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

2d Complete the sentences using words from the passage.

1. The panda at the Chengdu Research Base are awake early in
the morning to breakfast for the baby pandas.

2. In , pandas have become so that they are nowa
symbol of China.

3. Adult pandas do not have babies very , and some of the babies
only live for a short time because of :
4. A special program in Chengdu teaches about why pandas are

5. The Chinese government is helping to the pandas. Scientists
also want to better the habits of pandas.

2e What other ways do you think children can help to save the pandas?

3a Read the following words and phrases about whales. Put them in the
correct place in the chart.

¢ Humans catch whales for meat, fat ¢ Live in the sea
and oil & Some kinds have teeth
¢ Eat small fish and other sea life # Learn more about whales
¢ Jump high out of the water # Stop putting rubbish into the sea

¢ Rules on whale protection @ Sing songs
t Huge % Whale parts sold to make things
¢ Water pollution like candles and soap

What do they look like?

|

Where do they live? |
What do they eat? |
What can they do? :
a = = 时
Why do some ofthem have |
tobeprotected? sw |

How can we protect them? |

6
eoccccccccccce UNIT 7 cocccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccecceecceeeeccesccese

Write a paragraph about whales and why they need to be protected.
Use the information in 3a. Then make a poster.

Whales are ... They live in ... They eat ... They can ...
One interesting fact is ... Another interesting fact is ...
Some kinds of whales are in danger because ...
We should protect whales from ...

I think people should/shouldn’t ...

41 Complete the chart.

Superlatives

Adjectives Comparatives

| dangerous

| long

popular

2 Match verbs and objects. Then add one more object to each list.

Verbs Objects
1 reali aa Les —y EE 7 | 7 -
| 2.achieve > -b.thetopofamountain, thelibrary,..
| risk | c my dream success

3 Circle )the correct word and/or fill in the blank with the
correct form of the word in brackets for each sentence.
1. An elephant weighs ( few / many ) times more than a dog.
2. An adult panda can eat ( much / a little ) more than a cat.
3. Canada is a (little / lot ) less (crowded) than China.
4. A tiger is ( much / alittle ) (strong) than a man.

£56)
Language Goal:
Talk about
recent events and

experiences

Have you read

Treasure Island yet?

fa Have you heard of these books? Check (w) the ones you know.

| Alice in Wonderland
Treasure Island
Robinson Crusoe

Oliver Twist

Little Women

|
|
|

Tom Sawyer

tb Listen and complete the chart.

Book title | Name

| Have they read it?

| What do they think of it? |

|
|
时

Practice the conversation. Then talk
about the other books in la.

res

A: Have you read Little Women yet?
B: No, I haven't. Have you?

A: Yes, I’ve already read it.

B: What's it like?

A: It’s fantastic.

ccccccccccsees UNITS oooeooooooooooooooooeoooooeoooooooo oo oo oo sooo。oo。。oo%。。。。。。，。。1

a Listen. Who has read these books? Circle) the names.

1. Treasure Island Mark / Tina
2. Oliver Twist Mark / Tina
3. Robinson Crusoe Mark / Tina
4. Tom Sawyer Mark / Tina

2b Listen again and write T for true and F for false.

1. Oliver Twist is about a boy who goes out to sea and finds an 2a
island full of treasures.

2. Robinson Crusoe is a classic. |

3. Tina thinks that Treasure Island is a fantastic book. | |

4. Tom Sawyer is about a boy who lives in the United Kingdom.

2 Use the information in 2a and 2b to talk about the books.

A: Has Tina read Treasure Island?
B: Yes, she has. She thinks it’s fantastic.

A: What's it about?
B: It’s about ...

2d Role-play the conversation.

Amy: Steve, have you decided yet which book to write about for English
class?

Steve: Yes, Little Women. I’ve already finished reading it!

Amy: Wow, you're fast! What's it about?

Steve: It’s about four sisters growing up. It was really good, so I couldn't put it
down. Which book did you choose?

Amy: I chose Treasure Island, but I haven't finished reading it yet. I’m only on
page 2S.

Steve: Have you at least read the back of the book to see what it’s about?

Amy: Yes, I have. It looks interesting.

Steve: You should hurry up. The book report is due in two weeks.

Amy: Yes, I know. I’ll read quickly.
…。。。。。。。。。。。。。。Have yOu read Treasure Island yet?。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 UNIT 8 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

3a Read the passage based on Robinson Crusoe.
Then answer the questions.

1.What does Robinson Crusoe wait for? |
2. Why does Robinson Crusoe call the
man Friday?

When I first arrived on this island, I had nothing.
But I've found the ship and made a small boat. I've brought back many things I can use —
food and drink, tools, knives and guns. Although I have lost everything, I have not lost my
life. So I will not give up and I will wait for another ship. I have already cut down trees and
built a house. I go out with my gun almost every day to kill animals and birds for food. I'm
even learning to grow fruit and vegetables.

A few weeks ago, I found the marks of another man's feet on
the sand. Who else is on my island? How long have they been
here? Not long after that, I saw some cannibals trying to kill
two men from a broken ship. One of them died but the other ran
towards my house. I helped him kill the cannibals. This man now
lives with me and helps me. I named him Friday because that
was the day I met him. He is smart and I have already taught

him some English.

3b Read the passage again. Find words that have these meanings.

1. You can use these to shoot things:

2. Something you use to travel in the sea:
3. A piece of land in the middle of the sea:

4. You can use these to cut things:

S. Signs left behind by someone or something:

Be Correct the sentences.

1. Robinson Crusoe arrived on the island with enough food and drink.
2. Friday made a small boat.

3. Robinson had some food and tools when he first arrived on the island.
4. Robinson used the ship to build his house.

5. Friday saw some marks of another man’s feet on the beach.

6. Robinson tried to kill the two men.
ccccccccccccce UNITS 。。。。。。。。。。o。。。oooo。ooo。oooooo os。oo so。 oo oo os。 oo oo。。。。。。。。。。。，

Have you read Little Women yet? Yes | have./No, | haven't.
|
Has Tina read Treasure Island yet? 。 Yes she has. She thinks it's fantastic.

Have you decided which book to —_Yes, | have. I've already finished reading
Write about yet? it. It was reall lly good.

aa Use the words in brackets to complete the conversations.
1. A: Would you like something to drink?

B: No, thanks. I've just drunk some tea _. (just/drink some tea)
2. A: [heard you lost your key. ? (find)
B: No, not yet.
3. A: Do you know when Tom is leaving?
B: . (already/leave)
A: When ? (leave)
B: This morning.
4. A: Is your sister going to the movies with us tonight?
B: No. . (already/see the film)
5. A: What do your parents think about our plan?
B:I . (not/tell them/yet)

4b Fill in the blanks with the correct forms of the words in brackets.

Sally (love) reading. In the morning, she reads the newspaper
and in the evening she reads books. She already

(read) more than 100 different books! Her favorite kind of books is science
fiction. She is interested in science and technology and loves to imagine what the
world (be) like in 50 years. She (finish) reading a
book about robots last week and (write) a book report about it
next week for her French class. Every time she is in the library, Sally looks at the
many books she __ (not read) yet and she can’t wait to read them!

| A: What books have you already read?

ac Complete the chart with | B: I’ve already read Tom Sawyer and Harry Potter.

j 5 | A: What do you think of them?
ae Boat | B: Well, I think Harry Potter was exciting, but Tom

Sawyer was a bit boring.

Books | have already read

Movies | have already seen |

Songs | have already heard

se eccccccceeeeee Have YOU read Treasure Island yet? sseeeereeesecccccceres UNIT 8 。。。。。。。。。。。。。，。

ta Who is your favorite singer or musician? Tell your
partner why you like him or her.

Listen to a conversation between Alex and Dave. Write A for Alex or D
for Dave next to each opinion.

The Toms must be popular.
__ The Toms play pop music.
_____ The Toms’ music sounds
more like rock.
Listening to The Toms is a
good way to wake up.

1c Listen again and take notes.

Band name

_ Country

_Number of people in the band
Kind of music

Why Alex and Dave like to listen Alex:
to this band Dave:

1d Ask your friends and parents what kind of music they listen to and why.
How does the music make them feel?

What kind | Why do they How does it
of music? listen to it? _| make them feel?
Friend 1
Friend 2 :
Parents oO

ereccccccccccs UNITS 。.。。。。。。oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo。 5

2a Discuss the questions with a partner.

ee
和 1. Do you have a favorite singer or band? 有

这
_ 2. Do you have a favorite song? 全
_ 3. What facts do you know about your favorite singer, band or song?

Wight ar Ne ea OPER ee ee AOS ND BNE “ =

2b Read the passage and complete the fact sheet on page 63.

Summarizing
A Country Music Song While reading, make notes or underline the
_ Changed Her Life Forever main ideas in the text. After reading, write
{ When Sarah was a teenager, she a short summary in your own words. This
used to fight over almost can help you better understand the text.

everything with her family. But

five years ago, while she was studying abroad in England, she heard a song full
of feelings about returning home on the radio. It made Sarah think about her
family and friends back in the US. She came to realize how much she actually
missed all of them. Ever since then, she has been a fan of American country
music.

Country is a traditional kind of music from the southern states of America.
Nashville, Tennessee is the home of country music. Many songs these days
are just about modern life in the US, such as the importance of money and
success, but not about belonging to a group. However, country music brings
us back to the “good old days” when people were kind to each other and
trusted one another. It reminds us that the best things in life are free —
laughter, friends, family, and the beauty of nature and the countryside.

Sarah hasn't been to Nashville yet, but it is her
dream to go there one day. She has already read a
lot about the place and done some research on it.
She knows that there is a Country Music Hall of
Fame Museum in Nashville. There are also always
a lot of great country music concerts with famous
musicians and singers, like Garth Brooks. Sarah
has already listened to most of his songs. “Garth is
one of the most successful musicians in American
history. He’s sold more than 120 million records. I
hope to see him sing live one day!”

se eeeeeecccccecee Have YOU read Treasure Island yet?。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 UNITS 。。。。。。。。。。。。。

Country Music Fact Sheet
Where it is from:

What kind of music it is:

A famous country music place in Nashville:
A famous country music singer:

The number of records he has sold:

Read the passage again and underline the main ideas. Then use the
underlined text to write short answers to the questions below.

AARNE OS ROGERS

Second paragraph
clic 时 What is country music?
ee What is country music about?
Who is Sarah?
Where is she from?
What does she like? Third paragraph
What is Sarah’s dream?
Who is Garth Brooks?

2d Use the notes you made in 2c to write a short summary of the passage.
Write no more than 100 words.

2e Close your book. What facts can you remember about country music?
Tell a partner. What other facts would you like to know about country
music? Make a list of questions.

3a Think of a singer or writer you know well. Make a list of facts about
him/her. Think of the following:

1. Who is the singer/writer?

2. When did the singer/writer first become famous?

3. How and why did he/she first become famous?

4. What famous songs/books has he/she recorded/written? When?
5. How many CDs/books has he/she sold?

6. How did you find out about him/her?

7. 1s he/she still popular today?

8. Have you introduced this singer/writer to others?

9. How do you feel about his/her music/books?

10. Have you ever played/sung his/her songs yourself?
00555656666505 YPNTS 000 ccccccccccccccceesceeeescievecceseceeeeeseeceeeseseesesvnesnee

3b Write an article about the singer or writer. Here are some words and
phrases you can use.

the first line in the song/book the book/song was written/recorded by
enjoyed success in successful song/CD/book

I listen to this song/read this book when ...

The song/book makes me feel ...

1 Fillin the blanks with the correct words in the box.

1. What do you think. this dress? Do you think it looks good on me?

2. The little boy was so hungry that he didntputhisspoon at all.
He just kept on eating.

3. She grew ina small town, although she lives in a big city now.

4. For homework, our teacher told us to write our summer
vacation. *

5. At the end of the day, the bus brought us to our school.

2 Fill in the blanks with the correct forms of the words in brackets.

1.1 (join) the book club last month and I (read)
five books already.

| 2.1only _ (start) taking French classes last week and I
| (learn) $0 French words already.
| 3. Tony (buy) a pop music CD yesterday but he |
| (listen) to it yet.
14. They (listen) to many songs by The Beatles, but they |
| cannot (sing) any of them.

5. She (see) the newspaper on the table this morning, but she

(have) any time to read it yet.

3 Make a list of the things you have done and the ones you haven’t
done yet this week. Then ask two other students.

You

| ; ee "| Student’sname) | Tstuqentsname)
science homework, |
Things I have done

_ Things I haven't done

I = Sj——

, 64

Have you ever been

to a museum?

Language Goal:
Talk about

past experiences

—_

Have you ever been to a science museum?

Mes, Thave. I went to the Nationa
{Science Museum last year. Hove yo
ever been to a history museum,

Which of these places would you like to visit? Rank them from 1 (most)

to 6 (least).
| space museum history museum art museum
| water park ZOO amusement park

tb Listen. Have these students ever been to these places? Check (w) the boxes.
| | |
Science History Art | Nature Space
museum | museum museum | museum museum |

Claudia
Sarah Vv

seat AL AC RE RO ICN
A: Let’s go somewhere different today.

Ask and answer questions| 8: OK. Where do you want to go?
about the places in 1b. A: Have you ever been to the space museum?

B: No, I haven't. How about you?
AS oes

eeecccccccccce UNITY .oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo。

a Look at the map of the

town. Listen and «circle»
the places you hear.

(2b Listen again and ‘circle > T for true or F for false.

Conversation 1 | Conversation 2 Conversation 3 i
1. Tina went to the space 1. Linda has been to the 1. Frankhada great time _
museum last year. T/F amusement park. T/F at the water park. T/F
2. John has never been 2. Linda went to the amusement 2. Frank’s friend has never |
to the space museum. park yesterday. T/F been to the water park.
T/F 3. Linda is going to the T/F '
3. They are going to take amusement park again by —3._ Frank and his friend are ，
the subway. T/F bike. T/F going skating. T/F

RAR RI

2c Look at the map in 2a and make conversations about the places.

A: Have you ever been to the space museum?
B: Yes, I have. How about you?
A: No, I haven't.

B: Oh, it’s fantastic. Let’s go tomorrow.
A: OK. How are we going to get there?
B: We can take the subway.

2d Role-play the conversation.

Anna: I went to the film museum last weekend. Have you ever been there?

Jill: Yes, [ have. I went there back in April.

Anna: It’s really interesting, isn’t it? It’s a great way to spend a Saturday
afternoon.

Jill: Yes, I love all the old movie cameras there. I learned about the
inventions that led to color movies, too.

Anna: So, what did you do on the weekend?

Jil: Icamped in the mountains with some friends. We put up a tent and
cooked outside.

Anna: That sounds fun. I’ve never been camping.

Jill: You should try it!

@
*。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。Have YOU ever been to a museum?。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 UNIT9 。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

1. Which three museums do the
students talk about?

2. What do you think is the most

interesting thing about each

museum?

3a Three students talk about the most
interesting museums they have
ever been to. Read the magazine
article and answer the questions.

Ken: The most .

interesting museum I've ever been to is the American
Computer Museum. They have information about different
computers and who invented them. The old computers were
much bigger. It’s unbelievable that technology has progressed
in such a rapid way! I’ve also learned that there was a special computer. It could play
chess even better than humans. I wonder how much more computers will be able to
do in the future.

Amy: I’ve recently been to a very unusual museum

in India, the International Museum of Toilets. I just &
couldn't believe my eyes when I saw so many different ”时
kinds of toilets there. The museum teaches people about :
the history and development of toilets. It also encourages |
governments and social groupsto think about waysto |

improve toilets in the future.

Linlin: Last year I went to the Hangzhou National
Tea Museum. It’s a relaxing and peaceful place near
a lake. The tea art performances show how to make
a perfect cup of tea with beautiful tea sets. Watching
the tea preparation is just as enjoyable as drinking
the tea itself. I’ve finally realized why my grandpa
loves drinking tea and collecting tea sets.

3b Read the article again and answer the following questions.

1. What does Ken say about the American Computer Museum?

2. What can we learn at the International Museum of Toilets?

3. Why is the Hangzhou National Tea Museum a nice place to enjoy tea?
@® Which of the underlined

words in the passage have
the following meanings?

make (something) better quiet

become better made

uncommon quick

ecccccccccccs UNIT 9 。。。。ooooooooooooooooooooooooooosooooooeooooooooooooosooooooooooois

Have you ever been to a science Yes, I've been to a science museum.)
museum? No, I've never been to a science museum. _

Have you ever visited the space Yes, | have. | went there last year./
museum? No, | haven't.

I've been to the art museum Me, too. And I've also visited the nature
many times. museum.

I've never been to a water park. Me neither.

4a Put the correct forms of the verbs in the blanks.

1. A: Do you want (come) to the space museum?
B: No, I’ve already (be) there three times.
2. A: Have you (see) the robots at the science museum?
B:YesI (go)therelast weekend.
3. A: Let’s (spend) the day at the zoo.
B: Well, I’ve already (be) there a couple of times, but I’m
happy (go) again.
4. A: How about te to the art museum? There are some special
German paintings there right now.
B: Sure. When do you want (go)?
5. A: Have you ever (visit) the history museum?
B: No, I’ve never __ (be) there.

4b Fill in the blanks with the correct forms of the verbs in brackets.

Most of us (see) Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck and other famous
Disney characters in cartoons before. But have you ever (be) to
Disneyland? Disneyland (be) an amusement park with a special
theme — Disney characters and movies. There (be) many exciting
rides, lovely restaurants and fantastic gift shops there. You can also
(see) the Disney characters walking around the park. And have you ever

(hear) ofa Disney Cruise? This (be) a boat ride
with a Disney theme. You can (take) a ride on the boat for several
days and eat and sleep on it. On the boat, you can (shop) and have
Disney parties before you (arrive) at the Disney island.

ac Answer the survey questions and then ask your partner.

Have you ever ... \: _ You Your partner 7 i

| been to another province in China?

| lost something important?

，。。。。。。。。。。。。。Have YOU ever been to a museum?。。。。。。。。。。。。。。oooeoeo。 UNIT9 。。。。。。。。。。。。。

fa Match the pictures with the names.

___ the Terracotta
Army

___ the Great Wall

___ the Bird’s Nest

___ the Palace Museum

“tb Listen to a student interviewing a foreign student. Check (w) the

questions you hear.
gegen ert EA EET PERT TT
= ____ Have you visited the Palace Museum? :
é ____ Have you been to the Great Wall? :
& ____ Have you been to the Bird’s Nest? é
_ ____ Have you seen the Terracotta Army? 4
H ____ Have you tried Chinese food? ss
_

4 Listen again and take notes.

Name:

Country:

How long in China:

Places visited:
Food:

Have you visited ...?
1d What places have you been to?

Have you been to ...?
Ask your partner.

Have you seen ...?

Have you tried ...?

eseeeeeeeeee。 UNIT9 。。。。o。oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooosoo。。o。。-

What do you know or wantto know about Singapore? Discuss it with
your group.

Read the article. How many reasons can you find for visiting Singapore?

Making Notes

Singapore — A Place You Will | After reading, write down |

Never Forget! | three or more things you have
|
|
|
|
1
|

Hoc 汪汪 learned. We always remember 上
oes things better if we take time |

thousands of tourists from China, this small | to reflect.
island in Southeast Asia is a wonderful and =
safe place to take a holiday. On the one hand, more than three quarters of the
population are Chinese, so you can simply speak Putonghua a lot of the time.
On the other hand, Singapore is an English-speaking country, so it’s also a good

place to practice your English!

Have you ever tried Chinese food outside of China? Maybe you fear that
you won't be able to find anything good to eat when you travel. In Singapore,
however, you'll find a lot of food from China; you won't have any problem
getting rice, noodles or dumplings. Singapore is also an excellent place to

try new food. Whether you like Indian food, Western food or Japanese food,
you'll find it all in Singapore!

Most large cities have zoos, but have you ever been to a zoo at night? Singapore
has a Night Safari. It might seem strange to go to a zoo when it’s dark.
However, if you go to see lions, tigers or foxes during the daytime, they’ll
probably be asleep! A lot of animals only wake up
at night, so this is the best time to watch them. At
the Night Safari, you can watch these animals in a

more natural environment than in a normal zoo.

One great thing about Singapore is that the
temperature is almost the same all year round.
This is because the island is so close to the
equator. So you can choose to go whenever
you like — spring, summer, autumn or winter.

And, of course, it’s not too far from China!

*。。。。。。。。。。。。Have you ever been to a museum?。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 UNIT 9 。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

ze The statements below are false. Use information from the article to
correct them.
1. Most people in Singapore only speak English.
2. It is not easy to get many different kinds of good food in Singapore.
3. It is better to see lions and tigers during the daytime because they will
probably be awake.
4. It is best to visit Singapore in the autumn.

2a Fill in the conversation about Singapore using the information from

the article.

A: I'm going to Singapore next week. youever__ there before?

B: Yes, I’ve to Singapore many times. It’s my favorite country to visit in
Asia.

A: What languages do people ___ there?

B: Mostly Chineseand
A: What about the food? Is it good?

B: It’s excellent! you ever tried Indian food? Indian food is really good
in Singapore.

A: I see. Have you heard of the Night Safari? Someone told me to go there.

B: Yes!I___—_ been to the Night Safari. It was really exciting to the
animals in the dark.

A: Andisitalways___in Singapore?

B: All __ round! It’s always summer there!

2e Make notes about Singapore. Write down anything that you remember.
Do not look at the article.

3a Make a list of facts Size and location:
about your hometown Population:
or a place you have Weather:
been to. Think about History:
these topics. Places to visit:

Things to eat:

ewecccscccccce UNIT ceccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccscceeeeesseeeeeseeessceeeseeees

Write an article to advertise your
hometown or a place you have Have you ever tried/seen/been ...?
been to. If you ..., you will/can ...

You should ...

One great thing about ... is ...

1 Think about the things below and write an answer for each one.

1. One thing that you have collected before:

2. One invention that you have found to be very useful:

3. One unbelievable or unusual thing that you've seen or heard recently:

4. One way that you've used to encourage a friend in the past:

5. One peaceful and quiet place that you've been to recently:

2 Complete the conversation.

A: Hey, John. are you doing this weekend?

B: Not much, Mark. I don't really have any plans yet.

A: you ever been to the space museum?

B: , Lhave. I there last month.

A: Oh, how it?

B: It was great. I been there many times.

A: Isee. I never there.

B: Well, lets go this weekend then. I don’t going again. I think there’s
something new there. I not see it last time.

A: Perfect!

3 Complete the chart.
Have you ever been to a/an … | How many times? | What did you see/do there?

| home for old people? _

| farm? |

| amusement park?

Unit 10

I’ve had this bike for

three years.

Language Goal: 一 一 一
Talk about
possessions

and things

I've had it for
three years! I learned
N how to ride a bike

on it.

around you

fa Look at the things at the yard sale. Do you have any of these things at
home? How long have you had them?

tb Listen and check (w) the facts you hear.

Jeff’s family is having a yard sale.
_____ Amy thinks it’s hard to sell her old things.
Jeff has had his bike for more than 10 years.
____ Amy wants to keep her old things because they bring back sweet memories.

You can also give old things away to people in need.

A: This is a really old book.
a Practice the B: Yes, I’ve had it for seven years. I've read it three times.
conversation. Then A: Why are you selling it?
make conversations | 8: Because I don't read it anymore.
about other things A: How much is it?
in the picture above. | 8: You can have it for 75 cents.

Reece sisisivin tie UNIT 40 sieeo oe ccnsine aus nwcucswies <a Uses swiews scweeeswesssccccensemsessaees

= Listen and check (w) the things Amy’s family are
giving away and circle ) the things they are keeping.

book magazine toybear toylion toy tiger
b

read maker _ sweater dress hat scarf

2b Listen again and fill in the blanks.

1. Amy has had her favorite __ for three years.
2. Amy has had the toy since she was a
3. Amy’s mom has had the old bread maker for more than
years.
4. Amy can give away the and because they
donot fit her anymore.
'

2 Student A is Amy’s mom. Student B is Amy. Make conversations.

A: Amy, can we give away these soft toys?
B: Mom, I want to keep the bear.

A: Why? It’s so old.
B: Because I’ve had it since I was a baby.

2a Role-play the conversation.

Linda: Welcome to the Sunshine Home for Children. I’m Linda.

Amy: Hi, I’m Amy. I have some things for the kids. I’ve had this magazine for
a couple of months. The stories inside may be a bit old, but they’re still
interesting.

Linda: Great! Many children here love reading.

Amy: And check out these soft toys and board games for younger kids. I’ve had
them since I was a child. There's also a sweater and a dress.

Linda: Perfect! We always need toys and clothes.

Amy: One last thing is a bread maker. My mom's had it for a long time but it still
works.

Linda: Thanks so much!
seeeeseeeceeeee've had this bike for three years。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 UNIT 10 。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

Ba Read the article written by a father for a newspaper. What is his family
going to sell at the yard sale?

My children are growing up fast. My daughter is 16 and my
boy is already in junior high school. As they get bigger, our
house seems to get smaller. So we want to sell some of our
things in a yard sale and give the money to a children’s home.

We have already cleared out a lot of things from our bedrooms.
We have decided to each sell five things that we no longer

use. My son was quite sad at first. Although he has not played
with his old toys for a long time, he still wanted to keep them.
For example, he has owned a train and railway set since his fourth birthday, and he
played with it almost every week until he was about seven. And he did not want to
lose his toy monkey, either. He slept next to the monkey every night when he was a |
child. My daughter was more understanding, although
she also felt sad to part with certain toys.

As for me, I did not want to give up my football shirts,
but, to be honest, I have not played for a while now. I
am getting older, too!

3b Read the article again and answer the questions.
1. Why did they decide to have a yard sale?
2. What do they want to do with the money from the sale?
3. Why does the son want to keep his train and railway set?
4. How can the old toys be useful again?
S. Have you ever thought about having a yard sale to sell your things?
What would you do with the money you raise?

3e Find the words or phrases in the article which can be replaced with the
ones below and write them next to the words.

lose — _part with kids —
truthful 一 many —
| some time 一 even though —

| quickly 一 older —
so。 UNIT 10 coccccccccccccccccccccccecccccccesecccsceeecccceccseccccescees:

aa Rewrite the sentences using for or since.
1. Jim is in Japan. He arrived there three days ago.
Jim has been in Japan for three days.

2. They are very hungry. Their last meal was ten hours ago.

3. Ihave a camera. I bought it in 2009.

4. [know Anna. I first met her three years ago.

5. Linda is ill. She became ill on Monday.

4b Fill in the blanks with the correct forms of the verbs in brackets.

1.1 (never be) to the water park before. I want to
(go) next month before the weather gets too cold.

2. They (never own) any pets, but they (always
want) to have a dog.

3. We (have) a piano since last November. We
(buy) it from the Li family when they moved to the US last year.

4. Cathy and Amy (not be) back to their hometown for two
years. They (miss) their hometown a lot and hope to visit the
place next year.

5. This museum (be) here for over 20 years. It

(be) one of the oldest buildings in this small town.
ac Fill in the questions and ask two students. Then complete the chart.

1. Do you have a(n) ? How long have you had it?
2. Do you own a(n) ? How long have you owned it?
7 —_ L __ Things | How long a |
| favorite book for two years
Tony a ae 一 一 一
basketball since he was 10 years old 7
Student 1

Student 2

se eeeeeeeeeeeeeel'ye had this bike for three years, «+e ve UNIT 10 cocceecccccees

ta Check (w) the places or things you can find in your

town or city.
___amuseum ___aprimaryschool ___ abridge
___azoo ___ apark ___ ahill
alibrary —___ariver

th: Listen and answer the questions.

1. Does Martin like Jenny’s hometown?
2. Does Jenny still live in her hometown?
3. What is behind the science museum? What do people do there on weekends?

te. Listen again and fill in the chart about the places in Jenny’s hometown.

| | P
Place | New or old? How long has it been there?

a SS sa ie 有 = a mee

town library

science museum

restaurant down the street

1 Talk about your town/city with a partner.

A: My city is lovely.
B: What are some of the special places there?

A: Well, there’s a concert hall there. It’s been
around for at least 20 years.

ee ccccccccccce UNIT 10 cocccccccccccccccccccccsccscccccccenccsescececceeeceeeeceeeeees,

2a Answer the questions before you read. Then read the passage to find

out if your answers are the same as in the passage.
1. Why do millions of Chinese leave the countryside every year?
2. How often do you think these people visit their hometowns?

3. What new buildings does the government usually build in towns and villages?

also help us do this.

Using ee eee Hometown Feelings

We can often guess what a

text is about by using what Some people still live in their hometown. However,
we already know. Answering | others may only see it once or twice a year. Nowadays,
questions before we read can

millions of Chinese leave the countryside to search for
work in the cities. Among these is Zhong Wei, a 46-year-
old husband and father. He has lived in Wenzhou for the last 13 years. With a hard
job in a crayon factory, he doesn’t find much time to visit his hometown. “I used
to return home at least once a year, but I haven't been back for almost three years
now. It’s a shame, but I just don't have the time,” he says.

Many people like Zhong Wei regard with great interest how their hometowns have
changed. Perhaps large hospitals and new roads have appeared. In many places, the
government has also built new schools and sent teachers from the cities to help.

“I noticed that’s true of my hometown,” adds
Zhong Wei. “Children have learned to read and
count at my old primary school since the mid-20th
century. But now the buildings are really old. I hear
they’re going to build a new school there.” Zhong
Wei thinks such developments are good, and he
also knows that his hometown cannot always stay

the same.

According to Zhong Wei, however, some things

will never change. “In my hometown, there was a big old tree opposite the
school. It is still there and has become quite a symbol of the place. Most of the
children in my time liked to play together under that big tree, especially during
the summer holidays. It was such a happy childhood. Our hometown has left

many soft and sweet memories in our hearts.”

cveeececcccceseee|'ve had this bike for three years。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 UNIT 10 。。。。。。。。。。。。。

2b Find expressions in the passage that have the same meanings as these

words and phrases.
1. look for _ 5. go back |
2.consider _ 6. changes
cy
: 3. across from J.area e
‘ 4. in one’s opinion 5

2 Complete the summary with words from the passage. You may need to
change the forms of the words.

| Many Chinese people these days leave their to work in the
. They usually to their hometowns one or two
times a .Zhong Wei hasn't been back in close to three years.

He has been working in a factory in Wenzhou for the past
13 years.

People like him are in how their hometowns are changing.
New buildings are often built by the . Zhong Wei thinks these
_changesare because things need to change in order to

_ become better. But he also thinks some things change, and
his hometown is still the place that holds all his childhood

2d Think of changes that are happening in your town or city today. Which
changes are generally good? Which changes could be seen as bad?

3a Think about your favorite thing from childhood
which you still have. For example, it can be a toy
or a book. Then take notes using the questions.

1. How long have you had it?
2. How did you get it? Did someone give it to you? Who?

3. Why do you like it so much? Why is it special?

4. Can you say anything more about it?

eccccccccccce UNIT 10 cccccccccccccccccccccccccccesccsccccecscccecsccccceccseceseesees

Write three paragraphs about your favorite thing. Use your notes in 3a
to help you.

In the first paragraph, | My favorite thing from childhood is
introduce your favorite | I’ve had it for/since
thing. gave it to me.

In the second paragraph, | I like so much because %
talk about why it is It’s special to me because .I think
special.

In the third paragraph, has given me many memories.
write about astoryor | I remember when ,
memories.

1 Complete the sentences using for or since.

1. [haven't been to a museum

2. [haven't written a letter
3. [haven't ridden a bike |

4. [haven't seen a movie

5. [haven't played computer games

2 Complete the conversation.

A: Hey Eric, you enjoyed your time in Beijing so far?

B: Yes, it been great! Everyone is so friendly.

A: How long you been in China now?

B: Oh, I here about two years now.

A: Wow, that means you haven't back to the US for two years?

B: No, I been back twice moving to China.
you been to the US before, Li Juan?

A: Yes, I went there once when I 10 years old, but I
not been back then.

@
occ ccc ccccccccccccccccccccsccccccscscccscccccsccsseses Notes on the Text 。。。。。。。。。。。。

Notes on the Text

Unit 1 What's the matter?
1. ... bus No. 26 was going along Zhonghua Road when the driver saw an old man
lying on the side of the road. ……26 路 公交 车 正 行驶 在 中 华 路 上 ， 这 时 司机 看 到 一 位
老人 躺 在 路 边 .

1 ) 此 句 中 bus No. 26 was going along Zhonghua Road 使 用 的 是 过 去 进行 时 ， 表 示
过 去 一 段 时 间 正 在 进行 的 动作 。 与 现在 进行 时 相 比 ， 过 去 进行 时 只 是 将 be 动词 由 is/am/
are 改 为 was/were， 动 词 仍然 使 用 -ing 形 式 。 该 时 态 将 在 本 册 第 5 单元 正式 学 习 。

when 常 常用 来 引出 时 间 状 语 从 句 ， 当 放 在 过 去 进行 时 构成 的 主 句 之 后 时 ， 表 示 “ 某
事 正在 进行 时 ， 另 一 件 事情 发 生 了 ”。 再 如 :

I was just getting into the shower when the telephone rang. 我 正 要 冲 澡 ， 就 在 这 个
时 候 电 话 响 了 起 来 。

2 ) see someone doing something 是 一 个 固定 结构 ， 表 示 “ 看 到 某 人 正在 从 事 某 事
或 正 处 于 某 种 状态 ” 。 又 如 :

When they went in, they saw some children playing happily in the garden. 他 们 进
去 的 时 候 ， 看 到 一 些 孩子 正在 花园 里 高 兴 地 玩 夺 。

We saw him standing there alone not knowing what to do. 我 们 看 见 他 独自 站 在 那
里 ， 不 知 做 什么 是 好 。
2. The bus driver ... stopped the bus without thinking twice. 公交 司机 …… 没 有 多
想 便 停 下 了 车 。

think twice 是 英语 中 一 种 固定 的 表述 ， 表 示 在 做 某 事 之 前 “认真 思考 ; 权衡 利弊 ” 。
例如 :

We must think twice before we make this decision! 在 我 们 做 出 这 个 决定 前 ， 必 须
认真 思考 !

Think twice about it. Maybe you'll change your mind. 好 好 想 想 ， 也 许 你 会 改变 主
意 的 。
3. Thanks to Mr. Wang and the passengers, the man was saved by the doctors in
time. 多 亏 了 王 先生 和 乘客 们 ， 医 生 及 时 挽救 了 老人 的 生命

thanks to someone/something 表 示 “ 多 亏 ; 因为 ; 由 于 ”的 意思 。 再 如 :

Today, thanks to the Internet, you can do all your shopping from home. 如 今 多 亏

@
teeccccccccoes Notes on the Text cocccccccccccccccccccccccsccccccsscccccesescscessccees

有 了 互联 网 ， 你 在 家 里 就 能 买 到 你 所 要 买 的 东西 了 。

Thanks to your program, we got to know each other. 因为 你 们 的 节目 ， 我 们 方 能 相
互 认识 。
4. There were many times when Aron almost lost his life because of accidents. 有
好 多 次 ， 阿 伦 差点 因为 意外 丢掉 性 命 。

此 名 含有 一 个 由 when 引 导 的 定语 从 句 ，when Aron almost lost his life because of
accidents 修 饰 前 面 的 名 词 times。 再 如 :

I thought of the happy days when I stayed in Beijing. 我 想起 了 待 在 北京 的 那些 快乐

的 日 子 。
He still remembers the time when you gave him this book as a gift. 他 依然 记得 你
SPE ALi 8 AR

5. After losing his arm, he wrote a book called Between a Rock and a Hard Place.
去 了 手臂 之 后 ， 他 写 了 一 本 名 为 《生死 两 难 》 的 书 .

it Between a Rock and a Hard Place 是 一 本 书 的 书 名 ， 可 译作 《生死 两 难 》。 实
际 上 ，between a rock and a hard place 本 身 就 是 英语 的 一 个 固定 习 语 ， 表 示 在 艰难 或 危
险 的 处 境 下 “从 两 难 中 进行 选择 ” ， 意 为 “左右 为 难 ; 进退 两 难 " 。 例 如 :

Who wil yon save when your mother and wife both fall into the water? For many
people, it’s between a rock and a hard place. 当 你 的 母亲 和 妻子 同时 落水 ， 你 会 救 谁 ?对
许多 人 来 说 ， 这 是 一 个 两 难 的 选择 。

6. This means being in a difficult situation that you cannot seem to get out of 它
的 意思 是 “处 于 一 个 你 似乎 无 法 摆脱 的 困境 之 中 ”。

1) 此 处 mean 表 示 “…… 意 思 是 ; 意 为 "， 用 来 解释 上 句 出 现在 书 名 中 的 习 语 的 意
思 。 再 如 :

What do you mean? 你 的 意思 是 什么 ?

此 外 ，mean 还 可 表示 “意味 着 ”的 意思 。 如 课文 结尾 的 句子 :

... before we have to make a decision that could mean life or death. 在 我 们 不 得 不 做
出 可 能 意味 着 生死 的 决定 之 前 ……,

2) a difficult situation that you cannot seem to get out of fila decision that could
mean life or death 均 包含 定语 从 句 。 在 前 者 中 ， 从 句 that you cannot seem to get out of
修饰 名 词 situation; 在 后 者 中 ， 从 名 that could mean life or death 修饰 名 词 decision 。

Unit2 [help to clean up the city parks.
1. They told me stories about the past and how things used to be. 他 们 给 我 讲 过 去
的 生活 经 历 ， 讲 过 去 是 什么 样子 的 :

32
Vee eeecccscscccsesccesccosccssesccccscscsessccsesoseses Notes on the Text 。。。。。。。。。。。。。

used to be 在 此 表示 过 去 一 度 存 在 但 现在 已 经 消失 的 某 一 特定 的 情形 。 作 这 一 用 法
时 ，usedto 常 与 be have, live, stay, like, love 等 词 连用 ， 表 示 “ 曾 ; 兽 经 ”， 例 如 :

She used to be a very close friend of mine. 她 曾 是 我 十 分 贴心 的 一 位 朋友 。

I used to live in that city for the first twenty years of my life. 我 (一 生 ) 最 初 的 20 年
曾 生活 在 那 座 城市 。

used to 还 可 用 来 表示 “过 去 常 做 某 事 ， 但 现在 不 那样 了 ” 。 例 如 :

He used to arrive late last year, but now he doesn’t. 他 去 年 常常 迟到 ， 但 现在 不 了 。

Did you use to sing when you took a shower? 你 以 前 经 常 在 洗澡 时 唱歌 吗 ?
2. I get such a strong feeling of satisfaction when I see the animals get better and
the look of joy on their owners’ faces. 当 我 看 到 动物 们 ( 病情 ) 渐 好 ， 看 到 它们 主人
脸 上 的 喜悦 表情 时 ， 我 产生 出 那么 一 种 极 强 的 满足 感 来 。

此 句 中 get 的 两 次 用 法 意义 各 不 相同 。 第 一 个 get 的 意思 是 “产生 ; 形成 "， 为 及 物 动
词 ， 常 与 feeling( 感觉 ;情感 )，idea 想法 ; ER) 等 词 搭配 使 用 。 例 如 :

Do you get the feeling that we re not welcome here? 你 有 这 里 不 欢迎 我 们 的 感觉 吗 ?

How did you get such an idea? 你 怎么 会 产生 这 样 一 个 想法 ?

第 二 个 get 是 系 动词 ， 后 接 形容 词 ， 表 示 体 质 、 情 绪 、 天 气 等 方面 的 改变 ， 通 常 译作
“ 变 得 ; 变 为 " 。 例 如 :

He got angry with me after that. 那 之 后 他 生起 了 我 的 气 。

It’s getting hotter now. 现在 天 气 变 得 热 起 来 了 。
3. She could read by herself at the age of four. 她 在 四 岁 时 就 能 够 独自 看 书 了 。

此 句 中 “by+ 反 身 代 词 ”表示 “独自 地 ; 独立 地 ”， 常 与 动词 或 动词 短语 连用 ， 作 和 名
子 的 方式 状语 。 再 如 :

Children should learn to do things by themselves. 孩子 们 应 当 学 习 独 立 做 事 。
4. Volunteering here is a dream come true for me. 在 这 里 当 志 愿 者 对 我 来 说 是 梦想 成 真 。

此 句 中 a dream come true 表 示 “ 梦 想 成 为 现实 ; 梦想 成 真 "， 是 一 个 常见 的 表达 方式 。
再 如 :

I got the latest CD player as a birthday present yesterday. It was just a dream come
true! 昨天 我 收 到 了 一 份 生日 礼物 ， 是 那 种 最 新 的 光碟 播放 机 ， 真 是 梦想 成 真 了 !

I've always wanted to visit New York, so going there on vacation next month will
be a dream come true for me. 我 一 直 都 想 去 纽约 ， 所 以 下 个 月 到 那儿 度假 对 我 来 说 将 是
5. You helped to make it possible for me to have Lucky. 有 了 你 的 帮助 ， 我 二 有 可 能
拥有 “幸运 儿 ”( 狗 名 ) 。

此 句 中 make it possible for someone to do something 是 一 种 固定 结构 ， 表 示 “ 使

@

eccccccccccccs Notes on the Text ccoccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccseccccsscecscseces:

得 某 人 有 可 能 做 某 事 ”。 在 这 个 句 型 中 , 站 仅 是 一 个 形式 上 的 宾语 ， 真 正 的 宾语 是 to do
something， 又 如 :

Mr. Green makes it possible for us to learn English easily and in an interesting way
in his class. 格 林 先 生 使 我 们 能 够 在 他 的 课堂 上 通过 有 趣 的 方式 轻松 地 学 习 英语 。

Computer technology makes it possible for many people to work at home. 电脑 技
术 使 得 许多 人 在 家 便 可 办 公 。
6. She talked to Animal Helpers about getting me a special trained dog. 她 与 “ 动
物 帮 手 ” 组 织 联系 ， 试 图 给 我 找 一 条 经 过 特殊 训练 的 狗 。

此 处 Animal Helpers 大 写 首 字母 ， 为 专 有 名 词 ， 指 “动物 帮手 ”这 一 组 织 。 若 小 写 ，
an animal helper 则 可 指 任何 给 人 提供 某 种 帮助 的 动物 。 例 如 :

In my life, I see different animals used as animal helpers. We have, for example, dog
helpers, monkey helpers, elephant helpers and so on. 在 我 一 生 中 ， 见 到 过 不 同 的 动物 用
作 动物 帮手 。 例 如 ， 我 们 有 狗 狗 帮手 、 猴 子 帮手 、 大 象 帮手 等 等 。

Unit 3 Could you please clean your room?
1. Tony, could you please help out with a few things? 托尼 ， 你 能 帮忙 做 几 件 事 吗 ?

help out (with something) 是 一 个 动词 短语 ， 表 示 在 某 人 繁忙 或 遇 到 困难 时 “给 予
帮助 ” 。 再 如 本 单元 中 这 句 话 ;

You watch TV all the time and never help out around the house! 你 老 是 看 电视 ， 从
不 帮忙 干 家 务 。

FAY, help 和 out 之 间 还 可 加 入 具体 的 “人 ”。 例 如 :

Can you help me out? 你 能 帮 有 我 一 把 吗 ?

Theyhelped (us) out with the clean-up. 他 们 帮助 我 们 做 大 扫除 。
2. …because Mom will be back from shopping any minute now. …… 因 为 妈妈 随时
都 会 买 完 东西 回来 。

any minute now 是 一 种 常见 的 口语 表达 法 ， 相 当 于 “随时 ; 马上 ; 在 任何 时 刻 ”的
意思 ， 表 示 事 情 有 可 能 在 极 短 的 时 间 内 发 生 或 眼下 就 要 发 生 。 在 这 一 结构 中 ，minute 还
可 用 second moment, time 等 词 替换 。 例 如 :

‘The guests are arriving any time now but we're still not ready. 客人 们 即刻 就 到 ,但
我 们 还 没有 准备 好 。

We're expecting them any moment now. 我 们 期 待 他们 随时 到 来 。
3. “What happened?” she asked in surprise. 她 惊讶 地 问 道 :“ 发 生 什么 事 了 ? ”

此 句 中 介词 短语 in surprise 表 示 状 态 ， 意 思 是 “吃惊 地 ; 惊讶 地 ” 。 再 如 :

She looked at me in great surprise and asked after a long while“Didn't you just

@
Fee oe ereevecccccsccesccscesccsccsccsccsscccccsccsseses Notes on the Text 。。。。。。。。。。。。

leave for Australia this morning?” 她 极其 惊讶 地 看 着 我 ， 好 长 一 会 儿 才 问 道 :“ 你 不 是 今
早 才 离 开 去 澳大利亚 了 吗 ? ”
4. It is the parents’ job to provide a clean and comfortable environment at home
for their children. f£E4¢' FSi Hef WO FH 4} A. FEM ABLES.

此 处 代词 让 仅 为 形式 上 的 主语 ， 真 正 的 主语 是 to provide ... for their children。 我 们
也 可 将 It is one’s job (duty, ...) to do something. 视 为 一 个 固定 的 句 型 ， 表 示 “ 做 某 事 是
AML GREE)”. QM:

It’s every teacher's job to explain things clearly to the students. 把 东西 给 学 生 讲 明
白 是 每 一 位 老师 应 做 的 事情 。
5. And anyway, I think doing chores is not so difficult. 反正 我 觉得 干 点 家 务 也 不 太 难 。

anyway 是 一 个 副词 ， 若 位 于 句 首 ， 其 后 往往 会 有 逗号 将 其 与 句子 的 其 他 内 容 隔 开 。
anyway 在 此 句 中 的 作用 是 追加 评论 ， 相 当 于 汉语 的 “反正 ;仍然 ; 依然 ” 。 又 如 :

Sam didn’t get the job, but he’s not unhappy because it didn’t pay well anyway. 萨
姆 没有 得 到 那 份 工作 ， 但 他 并 没有 闷闷不乐 ， 反 正 薪 酬 也 不 算 高 。

anyway 还 可 用 来 表示 “不 管 怎样 ; 无 论 如 何 ” 之 意 ， 例 如 :

It’s just a cold. But anyway, you should still see the doctor. 这 只 不 过 是 感冒 ， 但 不
管 怎样 ， 你 还 是 应 该 看 看 医生 。
6. The earlier kids learn to be independent, the better it is for their future. 孩子 们
越 早 学 会 独立 ， 对 他 们 的 未 来 就 越 好 。

“the+ 比较 级 +…… ，the+ 比较 级 +……” 是 英语 中 一 个 常用 的 句 型 结构 ， 表 示

The more he explained, the better we understood. 他 解释 得 越 多 ， 我 们 就 理解 得 越
Many people believe that the more a person reads, the wiser he will become. 很 多
人 相信 一 个 人 书 读 得 越 多 就 会 变 得 越 聪明 。

Unit4 Why dontyoutalkto your parents?
1. Although she’s wrong, it’s not a big deal. 尽管 她 做 得 不 对 ， 但 也 没什么 了 不 起 的
big deal 是 英语 中 的 一 个 固定 搭配 ， 表 示 “ 重 要 的 事情 或 状况 ”， 多 用 于 非 正式 交流 。
作 和 否定 用 法 时 ， 常 说 Its not a big deal. 或 ts no big deal. 表 示 说 话 人 并 不 认为 某 事 有 什
么 了 不 起 。 例 如 :
There s a soccer game on TV this evening but I don’t have to watch it. It’s no big
deal. 今天 晚上 电视 上 有 一 场 足 球赛 ， 但 我 不 一 定 要 看 。 没 什么 大 不 了 的 。
big deal 也 经 常用 于 肯定 和 疑问 结构 中 。 例 如 :

35 J
cocccccccesos Notes on the Text sccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccssccecsessseescccserneey

It’s a big deal, David, bigger than you know. 这 事 挺 重要 的 ， 戴 维 ， 比 你 所 知道 的 要
重要 。

What's the big deal? It’s only a birthday, not the end of the world. 有 什么 了 不 起
的 ? 这 不 过 是 个 生日 ， 又 不 是 世界 末日 。
2. Hope things work out. 希望 事情 会 好 起 来 。

这 是 一 种 常见 的 表达 法 ， 表 示 某 些 不 如 人 意 的 事情 会 随时 间 的 推移 逐渐 有 所 改观 。
句 中 work out 为 短语 动词 ， 表 示 “ 解 决 (问题 ); 改善 (状况 )” 之 意 。 又 如 :

Don’t worry. Things will work out. 别 担 心 ， 事 情 会 慢 慢 解决 的 。

Do you want to stay with us to see how things work out? 你 想 和 我 们 待 在 一 起 ， 看
看 事情 如 何 得 以 解决 吗 ?
3. They fight a lot, and I really don’t like it. 他 们 经 常 和 争吵， 我 真 的 不 喜欢 这 样 。

此 处 fght 为 “吵架 ; ( 激烈 的 ) 争吵 ”之 意 。 又 如 :

Although they just got married, they re fighting almost every day. 虽然 他 们 刚 结婚 ，
但 几乎 天 天 吵架 。

fight 另 有 “打架 ”之 意 ， 应 注意 结合 语 境 进行 区 分 。 例 如 :

My little brothers are always fighting. 我 的 小 弟弟 们 老 是 打架 。

As kids, we always fought for toys in the kindergarten, but now we re pretty good
friends. 儿 时 我 们 在 幼儿 园 里 总 是 打架 争 抢 玩具 ， 可 如 今 我 们 是 相当 好 的 朋友 。
4. Sad and Thirteen 伤心 13

这 是 一 个 利用 普通 词汇 组 合 而 成 的 “名 字 ”， 将 人 物 的 心情 和 年 龄 组 合 在 一 起 ， 意 思
是 “一 个 伤心 的 13 岁 孩子 ” 。 作 为 人 名 ， 可 译作 “伤心 13”。
5. Maybe I could cut out a few of their activities, but … 或 许 我 可 以 减 掉 他 们 几 个 活

此 处 cut out 是 一 个 短语 动词 ， 表 示 “ 删 除 ; 前 下 ”或 “停止 ; 戒除 ”等 。 再 如 :

Don’t cut your parents out of your lives. 不 要 把 父母 从 你 的 生活 中 赶 出 去 。

If you cut out the drinking, you’d feel much healthier. 如 果 你 戒 掉 酒 ， 就 会 觉得 身
体 好 很 多 。
6. People shouldn tpush their kids so hard. MIATA CM FIER

动词 push 的 基本 意思 是 “ 推 ; 推动 ”， 例 如 :

Don't push this door; you have to pull it open. 别 推 这 扇 门 ， 你 得 把 它 拉 开 才 行 。

但 是 在 本 单元 中 ，push 表 示 “ 使 ( 某 人 ) 努力 ; WOR: 督促" ， 其 后 宾语 可 以 是 别
人 或 自己 。 例 如 :

The math teacher really pushes his students. That’s why they don’t like him that
much. 那 位 数学 老师 确实 对 学 生 们 鞭策 过 多 了 ， 这 就 是 他 们 不 那么 喜欢 他 的 原因 。

&
(POCO C Core rrereecocccccesccccceccsccesccsccsscssessess Notes On the Text 。。。。。。。。。。。。

Lucy should push herself a little harder. 露 西 应 该 鞭策 自己 再 加 把 劲 儿 了 。

Unit 5 What were you doing when the rainstorm came?
1. With no light outside, it felt like midnight. 外 面 没有 光亮 ， 感 觉 就 像 半 夜 一 样 ，

此 句 中 介词 with 表示 一 种 伴随 的 状况 ， 同 时 还 包含 着 某 种 因果 关系 ， 表 示 “ 因 某 种
状况 的 存在 而 导致 ……”， 因 此 可 译作 “由 于 ; 因为 ”等 。 例 如 :

With my parents away, I’m the king of the house. 我 爸 妈 不 在 ， 我 可 是 家 中 的 “ 王 ”
T!

I can’t work with all that noise going on. 由 于 那 噪 音响 着 ， 我 无 法 工作
2. Ben s dad ... while his mom was making sure the flashlights and radio were
working. 本 的 爸爸 ……， 同 时 他 妈妈 在 确认 手电 简 和 收音 机 都 能 正常 使 用 。

1) 此 名 中 的 连词 while 的 意思 是 “ 当 ……: 的 时 候 ; 和 …… 同 时 ”，while 还 可 以 表示
“itis 然而; 但 CAE)” ZA, 用 来 说 明 或 强调 两 种 事情 或 情形 的 不 同 。 例 如 :

Tom is active and outgoing while his sister Rosa is shy and quiet. 汤姆 活跃 外 向 ，
{I MH FS 2a et A

2.) make sure 的 意思 是 “确认 ; 查 明 ; 核实 ;确保 ; 设法 保证 ”， 其 后 可 接 句 子 ， 或
接 介词 of 及 宾语 ， 用 来 引入 需要 确认 的 内 容 。 例 如 :

Could you make sure what time he’s arriving? I would like to go and meet him at
the airport. 你 确认 一 下 他 几 点 到 达 好 吗 ? 我 想 去 机 场 接 他 。

Make sure you turn off the TV before you leave the house. 在 你 离开 屋子 前 确认 关
闭 了 电视 。

3 ) 此 句 中 的 work 表 示 机 器 、 器 官 等 的 “运作 ; 运转 ”， 这 是 动词 wo 环 的 一 种 基本
用 法 。 再 如 :

My watch is waterproof — that means it would work fine even if it’s in water. 我 的
手表 是 防水 的 一 一 这 就 是 说 即便 在 水 里 它 也 会 正常 运转 。

My brain isn’t working well now. 这 会 儿 我 的 脑子 不 好 使 。

3. On this day, Dr. Martin Luther King was killed. 这 一 天 ,马丁 路 德 ， 金 博士 遇
害 了 。

1) 马丁 8&8 + & ( Martin Luther King, Jr., 1929~1968 ) 是 世界 知名 的 美国 民
权 运 动 领袖 。 在 20 世 纪 S0~60 年 代 ， 他 为 改善 美国 黑人 的 社会 权利 及 地 位 做 了 大 量 的 工
作 。 作 为 黑人 领袖 ， 他 赢得 了 美国 各 阶层 人 民 的 尊重 和 爱戴 ， 为 世界 所 关注 ，1964 年 荣
获 “ 诺 贝尔 和 平 奖 "。

2) was killed 的 意思 是 “被 杀害 ”， 表 达 的 是 被 动 关系 。 语 法 上 将 这 种 语言 现象 称 作
“被 动 语 态 ”， 我 们 将 在 九 年 级 正式 学 习 这 一 语法 项 目 。

=

@
seccccccccccee Notes on the Text cceecccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccsecsessccccceses

4. … most Americans remember what they were doing when the World Trade
Center in New York was taken down by terrorists. …… 绝 大 多 数 美国 人 都 记得 纽约 世
贸 中 心 被 代 怖 分 子 摧毁 时 他 们 在 做 什么 。

1) 纽约 世贸 中 心

世界 贸易 中 心 (World Trade Center ) 简称 “世贸 中 心 ”， 是 一 个 由 两 座 并 立 的 塔 式
摩天 楼 ( 被 称 作 “ 双 子 塔 ” )、 四 座 办 公 楼 和 一 座 旅馆 组 成 的 建筑 群 ， 主 体 于 1973 年 建成
使 用 ， 曾 以 世界 最 高 的 双子 塔 闻名 于 世 ， 是 美国 纽约 的 地 标 之 一 。2001 年 9 月 11 日 ， 世
贸 中 心 被 恐怖 分 子 用 所 劫持 的 民航 班机 撞击 摧毁 ， 这 就 是 举世 震惊 的 “9' 11 事 件 ”。

2) 此 句 中 wastaken down 也 是 被 动 语 态 ， 意 思 是 “被 摧毁 " 。 其 中 take down 表 示 将 建
筑 物 或 高 的 物体 “ 拆 掉 ， 拆除 ; 拆卸 ”， 此 处 根据 上 下 文 可 翻译 成 “摧毁 ; 毁 掉 ” 。 又 如 :

They're talking about how to take that wall down. 他 们 在 讨论 如 何 拆除 那 堵 墙 。
5. She remembers working in her office near the two towers. 她 记得 当时 (自己 ) 正 ~
在 距 两 座 塔楼 不 远 的 办 公 室 工 作

1) towers 在 句子 中 指 的 是 世贸 中 心 的 双子 塔 。

2 ) remember (someone) doing something 是 一 种 固定 搭配 ， 表 示 “ 记 得 (HEA)
曾经 做 过 某 事 ”， 其 中 remember 可 表示 “记得 ; 回忆 起 ; 想起 ; 记 住 ” 等 意思 。 例 如 :

I don’t remember seeing him anywhere. 我 不 记得 在 什么 地 方 见 过 他 。

He remembered meeting her at a party once. 他 回想 起 曾 在 一 次 聚会 上 见 过 她 。

Iremember my father bringing home a large Christmas tree. 我 记得 父亲 带 回 家 一
棵 很 大 的 圣诞 树 。

Unit6 An old man tried to move the mountains.
1. But what could Yu Gong do instead of moving the mountains? 但 是 不 把 山 移 开 ，

AVIA Ae?
instead of 是 一 个 介词 短语 ， 表 示 “ 代 蔡 ( 某 人 或 某 物 ); 而 不 是 (HE A Dy”
意思 。 再 如 :

Would you pass me the sugar instead of salt? 你 能 把 糖 递 给 我 吗 ? 不 要 递 给 我 盐 。

Instead of being annoyed, he seemed quite pleased. 他 没有 生气 ， 反 而 看 起 来 还 挺
高 兴 。
2. Once upon a time, there was a very old man .… 很 久 以 前 ， 有 一 位 老生 ……

once upon a time 的 意思 是 “从 前 ; 很 久 以 前 ”， 是 英文 故事 、 童 话 开头 常见 的 一 种
令 述 方式 ， 另 一 个 类 似 的 说 法 是 long (,long) ago 或 alongtime ago。 又 如 :

Once upon a time there was a mountain. And in the mountain, there was … 从 前 有

座 山 ， 山 里 有 ……:
Wee eeccccccccccccsccccccccceccscccscccccccssccsccesoess Notes On the TEXt 。。。。。。。

Long, long ago, a bird gave a monkey a gift. 很 久 很 久 以 前 ， 小 鸟 送 给 猴子 一 件 礼物 。
3. But unless he can hide his tail, he cannot turn himself into a man. 但 是 如 果 他 不
能 把 尾巴 藏 起 来 ， 他 就 不 能 把 自己 变 成 人 。

unless 的 意思 是 “如 果 不 ; 若非 ; 除非 ”， 它 引导 的 是 一 个 条 件 状 语 从 句 ， 相 当 于
过 …not。 因 此 ， 上 面 的 句子 可 以 改写 为 : But if he cannot hide his tail, he cannot turn
himself into a man.

再 如 本 单元 中 的 这 三 个 句子 :

The wife told her husband that unless he left the children to die in the forest the
whole family would die. 妻子 告诉 丈夫 ， 如 果 他 不 把 孩子 们 扔 到 森林 里 让 他 们 自生 自 灭 ，
全 家 人 都 会 死 。

Unless I do, we'll be lost. 如 果 我 不 这 样 做 ， 我 们 会 迷路 的 。

Unless we do, we won't find our way out. 我 们 如 果 不 这 么 做 ， 就 找 不 到 出 去 的 路 。

4. One year, the weather was so dry that no food would grow. 有 一 年 ， 天 气 太 干旱
了 ， 以 至 于 粮食 颗粒 不 长

so... that … 是 一 个 常见 的 句 式 结构 ， 即 : 副词 so 十 形容 词 或 副词 十 that 引 导 的 句
子 ; 表示 “如 此 …… 以 至 于 ……”。 又 如 本 单元 中 的 这 个 句子 : That bird's song is so
beautiful that we should follow it. 那 只 鸟 的 歌声 是 如 此 美妙 ,我 们 应 当 跟着 它 走 。

有 时 这 个 句 式 中 的 that 可 以 省 略 ， 如 :

Everything happened so quickly I didn’t have time to think. 一 切 发 生得 是 那么 快 ，
我 连 思考 的 时 间 都 没有 。

5. We thought you were never coming back. 我 们 以 为 你 们 再 也 不 回来 了 。

We thought .… 表 示人 们 过 去 的 某 种 想法 、 判 断 等 ， 可 以 译作 “我 们 原 想 :……, ; 我 们
本 以 为 …… ”。 又 如 :

I thought he would come, but he didn't .我 原 想 他 会 来 的 ， 但 他 却 没有 。

6. As soon as you wake up, you must go to the forest with your father. 你 们 一 醒 来
就 必须 和 爸爸 去 森林 里 .

as soon as 表示 “一 …… 就 ……”， 再 如 本 单元 中 这 个 句子 : As soon as the moon
rises, we can follow them instead. 月 亮 一 升 起 来 ， 我 们 就 可 以 顺 着 它们 ( 面包 屑 ) ET
7. It’s leading us to that wonderful house made of bread, cake and candy. 它 在 把
我 们 引 向 那 座 由 面包 、 蛋 糕 和 糖果 做 成 的 美妙 房屋 。

此 句 中 made of bread, cake and candy 作 定语 ， 修 饰 名 词 house， 形 容 词 wonderful
也 是 house 的 定语 。 在 英语 中 ， 大 部 分 形容 词 作 定语 修饰 名 词 时 应 前 置 ， 短 语 或 句子 作
定语 修饰 名 词 时 则 后 置 。 又 如 :

the young people in the room 屋子 里 的 年 轻 人

《ED
rvecccccccocces Notes on the Text eeecccccccccccccccccccccccccsescccccsccscssccesesccseee

Unit 7 What’s the highest mountain in the world?
1. Feel free to ask me anything on today’s Great Wall tour. 在 今天 的 长 城 游 中 ,大
家 尽管 问 我 任何 问题 ， 不 要 拘束

feel free 是 英语 口语 中 一 个 常用 表达 。 若 有 人 让 你 feel free to do something， 就 是 让
你 无 需 拘束 ， 只 管 按照 自己 的 意愿 去 做 某 事 。 例 如 :

A: Can Iuseyourbathroom? 我 可 以 用 一 下 你 的 卫生 间 吗 ?

B: Yes, feel free. 可 以 ， 请 随意 。
2. As far as I know, there are no other man-made objects as big as this. 据 我 所 知 ，
再 没有 其 他 像 它 这 样 大 的 人 造物 体 了

as far as Iknow 是 一 个 固定 的 表达 方式 ， 还 可 以 说 so far as I know， 意 思 是 “ 据 我
所 知 "” 。 例 如 ;

As far as I know, Jack’s got twin sisters. 就 我 所 知 ， 杰 克 有 一 对 挛 生 姐妹 -

They're not coming today, so far as I know. 他 们 今天 不 来 了 一 一 就 我 所 知 是 这 样 的 。
3. the Ming Great Wall 明 长 城

“ 明 长 城 ” 是 指明 朝 时 期 为 了 防御 北方 游牧 民族 的 骚扰 ， 在 北部 地 区 修筑 的 军事 防御
工程 。 这 段 长 城 东 起 辽宁 虎 山 ， 西 至 甘肃 嘉峪关 ， 从 东 向 西 横贯 多 个 省 、 直 辖 市 、 自 治
区 ， 全 长 约 88S0 千 米 ， 是 现存 历代 长 城 遗 迹 中 最 完整 、 最 坚固 的 。
4. Even more serious difficulties include freezing weather conditions and heavy
storms. 更 加 严峻 的 困难 包括 极 冷 的 天 气 状况 和 巨大 的 风暴

1) di 伍 culty 既 可 作 可 数 名 词 也 可 作 不 可 数 名 词 ， 在 此 用 作 可 数 名 词 。 作 可 数 名 词 时 ，
diffculty 通 常用 作 复 数 ， 表 示 具 体 概念 ， 即 : 各 种 各 样 的 “困难 ; 难题 ; 难事 ”。 例 如 :

People learning a new language may face some difficulties. 人 们 学 习 一 门 新 的 语言
时 可 能 会 遇 到 一 些 困难 。

If you have any difficulties, you can call me for help. 如 果 你 遇 到 任何 困难 ， 给 我 打
电话 求助 好 了 。

作 不 可 数 名 词 时 ，diffculty 可 译作 “困难 ; 艰难 ; 辛苦 ; 费劲 ”， 例 如 :

He had great difficulty in finding a new job. 他 找 新 的 工作 费 了 很 大 劲 。

We found the house without difficulty. 我 们 轻而易举 地 找到 了 那 座 房子 。

2 ) include 表 示 “ 包 括 ; 包含 ”， 是 一 个 及 物 动 词 。 例 如 :

Does your price of the bike include this light? 你 们 的 车 价 包含 这 如 车 灯 吗 ?
5. The spirit of these climbers shows us that we should never give up trying to
achieve our dreams. 这 些 登山 者 的 精神 向 我 们 表明 : 我 们 决 不 应 该 放弃 实现 自己 梦想 的

1) give up doing something 的 意思 是 “放弃 做 某 事 ; 半途 而 废 " 。 再 如 ;

@

Pe ec ercccccccccccsccccccccccccescessscsessccsscsscsssss Notes on the Text 。。。。。。。。。。。

He gave up learning a third language after he got the job. 他 找到 工作 之 后 就 放弃 了
对 第 三 门 语言 的 学 习 。

2 ) achieve our dreams 相 当 于 make our dreams come true， 其 中 动词 achieve 表示
“通过 努力 ) 实现 ; 取得 ; 获取 ; 达到 ( 梦想、 成 绩 、 成 功 、 目 的 六 等 。 例 如 :

He achieved great success in a short time. 他 用 很 短 的 时 间 取 得 了 极 大 的 成 功 。

Lin Tao achieved very good exam results. 林涛 考试 取得 了 很 好 的 成 绩 。
6. … they run over to them with excitement and some of the young pandas even
walk into their friends and fall over! …… 它 们 兴奋 地 跑 向 饲养 员 ， 其 中 一 些 年 幼 的 能
猫 甚至 撞 上 自己 的 伙伴 而 跌倒 !

此 句 中 run over, walk into 和 fall over 均 为 短语 动词 。

1) run over 的 意思 是 “ 跑 上 前 去 ; 跑 过 去 ”， 其 中 over 用 作 副 词 ， 表 示 “ 从 …… 的
一 边 到 另 一 边 ; 穿越 ” 。 例 如 :

She ran over to say hello, but I didn’t recognize her. 她 跑 过 来 打招呼 ， 但 我 没有 认

2 ) walk into 表 示 “( 走 路 时 意外 地 ) 撞 上 ”。 例 如 :

As he was thinking too deeply and not paying attention to where he was going, he
walked straight into a tree. 由 于 他 陷入 沉思 ， 没 有 注意 看 路 ， 径 直 撞 到 了 一 棵 树 上 。

3) fall over 表 示 “ 摔 倒 ， 跌 跤 ; AP”. falda:

Don't run too fast, or you might fall over. 别 跑 得 太 快 ， 要 不 你 会 摔跤 的 。

Many trees fell over after the storm. 暴风 雨 后 许多 树木 都 倒 了 。

fall over something 则 表示 “被 某 物 绊 倒 ”， 例 如 ;

Tommy fell over the dog and broke his front teeth. A AB M24 F—BE, Ha
门牙 。
7. Scientists say there are now fewer than 2,000 pandas living in the forests. 科学
家 们 说 如 今生 活 在 森林 里 的 能 猫 不 足 2000 只 .

此 句 中 living in the forests 是 一 个 现在 分 词 短语 ， 用 作 定 语 ， 修 饰 名 词 pandas。 又 如 :

the girls singing under the tree 树 底下 唱歌 的 姑娘 们

the women washing clothes by the river 河 边 洗衣 服 的 妇女 们

Unit 8 Have you read Treasure Island yet?
1. Have you at least read the back of the book to see what it’s about? 至 少 你 已 经 读
过 书 的 背面 ， 了 解 了 它 的 大 致 内 容 了 吧 ?

此 句 中 的 动词 see 表 示 “( 通过 查看 、 打 听 等 ) 弄 清 、 了 解 ; 查看 、 发 现 (信息 或 事
实 )。 作 这 种 用 法 时 ，see 常 接 how, what. when 等 引导 的 宾语 从 句 。 例 如 :

&
eoccceccccccee Notes on the Text sceccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccsccccccessssccceessees

He agreed to go with me to see what was wrong. 他 同意 跟 我 去 了 解 一 下 毛病 出 在 哪里 。

First of all, we need to take some time to see how it works. 首先 ， 我 们 需要 花 些 时
间 了 解 一 下 它 是 如 何 运作 的 。

2. The book report is due in two weeks. 读书 报告 两 周 后 必须 交 。

此 处 due 为 形容 词 ， 意 思 是 “预定 ;预期 ;预计 ”， 后 边 引出 预期 的 时 间 、 地 点 等 ，
还 常常 构成 短语 be due (to do something) 或 be due (for something)。 例 如 :

Our plane is due at Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport at 12:30. 我 们 的 飞机
预计 于 12:30 降 落 在 上 海 虹 桥 国 际 机 场 。

Rose is due to start school in January. 罗 丝 一 月 份 就 要 开始 上 学 了 。

You are due for a medical examination next month. 你 的 身体 检查 预定 在 下 个 月
(必须 完成 )。

3. The Toms must be popular. 汤姆 乐队 一 定 很 受 欢 迎 ，

1) 此 处 the Toms 是 一 个 虚构 的 音乐 团队 的 名 称 ， 可 能 是 由 若干 个 名 叫 Tom 的 男子 所
组 成 (或 起 主要 作用 ) 的 乐队 。 英 语 中 “the + 姓 或 名 的 复数 形式 ”这 一 结构 可 用 来 表示 某
一 群体 ， 如 表示 某 一 姓氏 的 家 庭 ， 或 同名 的 某 几 个 人 所 组 成 的 小 群体 。 如 : the Greens( 格
林 一 家 ， 相 当 于 the Green family )，the Jacks( 杰克 小 组 ; 杰克 社团 ; 杰克 帮 ) 等 。

2 ) 此 句 中 情态 动词 must 的 意思 是 “一 定 ; 准 是 ”， 而 非 “必须 。 作 这 一 用 法 时 ，
must 表 示 推 测 ， 暗 含 很 大 的 可 能 性 。 又 如 :

They must be there by now. 他 们 现在 准 到 那儿 了 。

情态 动词 表示 推测 的 用 法 将 在 九 年 级 正式 学 习 。

4. the “good old days” 过 去 的 好 时 光

英语 中 the good old days 是 一 个 习惯 用 语 ， 指 一 个 人 人 生 中 或 历史 上 的 一 段 比 现在
更 好 的 幸福 时 光 ， 可 译作 “过 去 的 好 日 子 ” 。 例 如 :

I wish my grandma would stop talking about the good old days. 我 真 硕 望 我 奶奶 能
PE EF) ABE ASA AP IG.

In the good old days, going to a movie only cost 5 cents. 在 当初 的 好 日 子 里 ， 去 看
一 场 电影 只 要 5 分 钱 就 够 了
5. [hope to see him sing live one day! 我 希望 有 一 天 看 到 他 现场 演唱 !

1) see someone do something 是 一 个 常见 的 结构 ， 表 示 “ 看 见 某 人 做 某 事 ”。 英
语 中 有 一 些 表示 感知 的 动词 ， 如 see( 看 )、watch( 观看 ) feel ( 感觉 ) 、hear( 听 到 )、
listen to( 听 )、smell( 嗅 ) 等 用 于 主动 态 时 ， 后 面 可 以 接 名 词 ( 或 代词 )+ 不 带 to 的 不 定
式 (或 -ing 形 式 )。 又 如 :

I watched them get on the bus one by one, and then we waved goodbye to each
other. 我 看 着 他 们 一 个 个 上 了 公共 汽车 ， 然 后 我 们 相互 挥手 道别 。

932 )
Cee receccvcccccccsccccsccccccccccccccccccccccccssssoes Notes On the TEXt ccecccccccces:

2) live 可 用 作 动 词 、 形 容 词 或 副词 ， 且 用 作 不 同 词性 时 发 音 有 所 不 同 。 作 动词 时 ，
live 读 作 /Hv/， 表 示 “ 居 住 ; 生存 ; 过 …… 生 活 ” 等 含义 。 作 形容 词 和 副词 时 ，live 读 作
/larv/。 在 上 面 的 句子 中 ，live 为 副词 ， 意 思 是 “在 现场 直播 ; 在 现场 表演 ” 。 又 如 :

Lang Lang is playing live in our city tonight. 郎 朗 今 晚 在 我 们 城市 举办 现场 演奏 。

Unit9 Have you ever been to a museum?
1. I learned about the inventions that led to color movies, too. 我 还 了 解 了 一 些 发
WY, “EAT eae Re fe HL.

此 处 learn 是 “了 解 ; 获知 ; 得 知 ”的 意思 ， 由 介词 about 或 of 引入 所 获知 的 具体 内
容 。 例 如 ;

‘The children were all shocked to learn of the death of their headmaster. 得 知 校长 去
世 ， 孩 子 们 都 十 分 震惊 。

I only learned about the accident later. 我 只 是 后 来 才 得 知 了 事故 的 情况 。

2. I've never been camping. 我 从 未 野营 过 。

此 句 为 现在 完成 进行 时 (* 初 中 阶段 不 要 求 掌握 )。 这 一 时 态 的 结构 为 “have been +
现在 分 词 ”， 表 示 从 过 去 某 一 时 刻 一 直 延 续 至 今 的 动作 。 在 本 名 中 ， 说 话 人 使 用 这 一 时 态
来 强调 自己 至 今 从 未 有 过 野营 的 经 历 ， 欠 缺 这 方面 的 经 验 。 又 如 :

He’s been watching TV all afternoon. 他 一 下 午 都 在 看 电视 。

Wevebeen living like this ever since the birth of my little brother 自打 我 小 弟弟 出
生 ， 我 们 就 一 直 这 样 生活 。

3. I wonder how much more computers will be able to do in the future. 不 知道 将
来 电脑 还 能 够 做 些 什么 事情 呢 。

1) wonder 表 示 “( 对 某 事 ) 感到 疑惑 ; 想 要 知道 ; 想 弄 明白 ; 琢磨 ”"， 后 面 常 接 由
what，how，who 或 it/whether( 是 否 ) 引导 的 宾语 从 句 。 例 如 :

Iwonder how they re getting on. 我 想 知道 他 们 现在 过 得 怎样 。

I just wonder if they've arrived safely. 我 就 想 知道 他 们 是 否 安全 抵达 了 。

2 ) 此 名 从 句 部 分 的 原始 结构 是 : How much more will computers be able to do in the
future? 由 于 充当 了 宾语 从 句 ， 疑 问 结构 被 改 成 了 陈述 结构 how much more computers
will be able to do in the future.

4. the International Museum of Toilets 国际 厕所 博物 馆

这 是 位 于 印度 新 德里 的 一 个 主题 式 展览 馆 ， 收 藏 、 陈 列 的 马桶 装置 十 分 丰富 ， 从 十
至 今 ， 应有尽有 ， 简 直 就 是 一 部 厕所 的 发 展 史 。 参 观 者 可 从 不 同 角度 去 认识 厕所 的 演变
史 。 同 时 ， 博 物 馆 里 还 收藏 了 许多 名 人 用 过 的 厕所 及 相关 物品 的 复制 品 ， 旨 在 开拓 人 们
视野 ， 进 行 社会 文明 教育 ， 推 广 环保 宣传 和 研究 。

93 |
eovccsccccsocs Notes on the Text secrccceccccccccccccccccscccccccccescseseseceseseceeen)

5. Watching the tea preparation is just as enjoyable as drinking the tea itself. 看 涛
茶 的 过 程 和 饮 茶 本 身 一 样 令 人 愉快 。

-able 是 一 个 典型 的 形容 词 后 级 ， 可 加 在 动词 之 后 ， 表 示 “ 可 …… 的 ; 能 够 …… 的 ”。
此 处 enjoyable( 能 使 人 快乐 的 ; 令 人 愉快 的 ) 便 是 一 例 ， 再 如 : drinkable( 可 饮用 的 )，
washable( 可 洗 的 )，readable( 可 读 的 )，usable( 可 用 的 ; 可 使 用 的 ) 等 等 。

6. Singapore has a Night Safari. 新 加 坡 有 一 个 夜间 野生 动物 园 .

safari 指 在 丛林 及 原野 上 的 “野生 动物 观赏 或 符 猎 之 旅 ” 。a safari park 是 指 一 种 可 供

驾车 游览 的 “野生 动物 园 ”。

Unit 10 I’ve had this bike for three years.
1. yard sale 庭 院 旧 货 出 售

这 是 国外 的 一 种 风俗 ， 也 是 一 种 独特 的 售 货 方式 。 人 们 利用 周末 ， 将 家 中 搁置 不 用
的 物件 放 在 自家 庭院 中 廉价 出 售 ， 因 而 被 称 作 yard sale， 也 可 译作 “庭院 拍卖 会 ”。

庭院 售卖 的 物品 种 类 繁多 ,. MARA, KBAR, at, DESH. KARO.
这 些 物 品 虽 多 数 为 二 手 家 什 ， 但 也 有 全 新 的 物品 ， 且 价钱 合理 公道 ， 甚 至 还 可 讨价还价 。
正 是 这 种 低廉 、 公 道 的 价格 及 买 家 淘宝 和 碰 大 运 的 心理 ， 使 得 yard sale 广 受 欢迎 ， 逐 渐
演变 成 一 种 独特 的 文化 现象 。
2. Because I don’t read it anymore. 因为 我 不 再 看 它 了 。

副词 anymore 亦 可 写作 any more， 常 用 于 否定 句 的 末尾 ， 意 思 是 “再 也 ( 不)
(不 ) 再 ” 。not...anymore 相 当 于 not.…anylonger， 例 如 :

You can have it, for I don’t need it anymore. 你 可 以 把 它 拿 走 ， 因 为 我 不 再 需要 它 了 。

The doctor told me not to play computer games anymore. 大 夫 叫 我 别 再 玩 电 脑 游戏 了 。
3. Because I’ve had it since I was a baby. 因为 我 还 是 个 婴儿 的 时 候 就 拥有 它 了 。

since( 自从 …… ) 常常 引导 短语 或 从 句 ， 用 于 现在 完成 时 的 句子 中 。since 引 出 从 名
时 ， 从 名 中 一 般 使 用 过 去 时 。 再 如 :

I've had these soft toys since I was a child. 我 还 是 个 孩子 的 时 候 就 有 这 些 毛 绒 玩 具 了 。

Since that unfortunate accident last week, I haven’t been sleeping well at all. 自从 上
周 发 生 了 那 次 不 幸 的 事故 之 后 ， 我 一 直 睡 得 很 不 好 。
4. I've had this magazine for a couple of months. 这 本 杂志 我 买 了 几 个 月 了

1) a couple of 有 两 种 意思 : 其 一 ， 表 示 具 体 的 数量 “两 个 "， 指 两 个 相同 的 人 或 物
fk; 其 二 ， 表 示 数 量 不 定 的 “少数 几 个 ”， 作 这 种 虚 指 的 用 法 时 ， 具 体 意思 往往 视 上 下 文
和 具体 的 语 境 而 决定 。 例 如 :

You have to wait for a couple of hours for the clothes to dry completely. 你 得 等 几 个
小 时 让 这 些 衣 服 完全 干燥 。

34 )
lee ercccccccccccccccecccscccccccccccesccccosescccsosess Notes on the Text 。。。。。。。。。。。

Look! There are a couple of boys waiting for you at the door. 瞧 ! 门口 有 两 三 个 男
孩 正在 等 你 。

2 ) 介词 for 也 常用 在 现在 完成 时 的 句子 中 ， 后 面 引出 表示 时 间 的 词 或 短语 ， 说 明 某
种 情况 已 经 持续 了 一 段 时 间 。 再 如 :

Jeff has had his bike for more than 10 years. 杰 夫 已 经 拥有 他 的 自行 车 超过 10 年 了 。
5. We have decided to each sell five things that we no longer use. 我 们 决定 每 人 出

售 五 件 不 再 使 用 的 物品 .
1 ) 此 名 中 we no longer use 是 由 that 引 导 的 定语 从 句 ， 修 饰 前 面 的 名 词 fve things.
2) 句 中 no longer 的 意思 是 “不 再 ; 不 复 ”， 有 时 可 用 not ... any longer 或 not ...

anymore 蔡 换 。 再 如 :

He no longer lives here. (= He doesn’t live here anymore / any longer.) 他 不 再 住 这
JLT.

3) each 在 句 中 表示 “( 两 个 或 两 个 以 上 的 人 或 物 中 ) 各 自 ; 每 个 " 。 再 如 :

My sister and I each have an English-Chinese dictionary. 我 和 姐姐 各 有 一 本 英汉 词典 。
6. ... but, to be honest, I have not played for a while now. …… 但 是 ， 说 实在 的 ， 现
在 我 已 经 有 一 段 时 间 没 玩 了 。

to be honest 是 英语 口语 中 一 个 常用 表达 ， 表 示 “ 说 实话 ; 老实 说 ”。 英 语 中 类 似 的
表达 还 有 : to be frank， 意 思 是 “坦率 地 说 ”。 例 如 :

To be honest, I don’t like him very much. 老实 说 ， 我 不 太 喜 欢 他 。

To be perfectly frank, I think that’s a crazyidea. 坦 白 相 告 ， 我 认为 那 是 个 荒唐 的 主意 。
7. Itsashame,butIjust don’t have the time .… 实 在 是 遗民 ， 但 我 就 是 没有 时 间 ……

It's a shame. 是 一 种 常见 的 口语 表达 ， 表 示 一 种 不 如 人 愿 的 情形 (an unhappy situation )，
ASP “ER; 多 可 惜 啊 ” 的 意思 。Its a shame .…. 之 后 还 可 接 不 定式 或 由 that 引 导
的 从 句 。 例 如 :

A: I didn’t have enough money to buy the guitar I wanted. 我 没有 足够 的 钱 ， 买 不
了 我 想 要 的 吉他 。

B: It’s a shame! 真是 遗憾 呀 !

It’s a shame to cover this beautiful table with a tablecloth. 把 这 张 漂亮 的 桌子 用 桌布
盖 起 来 真是 可 惜 。

It’s a shame that you have to leave so soon. 真 遗憾 你 这 么 快 就 要 走 了 。

shame 还 可 表示 “( 因 做 错 事 而 感到 的 ) Ae; Hr”, Bila:

His face burned with shame. 他 的 脸 因 羞愧 而 发 烫 。
seeeeeseeeeeee Tapescripts seeeeseeseesessseoeeseeeeoeoeoeeeooooeooooeoeooooooeoseeooeoeooosoeoeoesooeooeee。

Tapescripts

Unit 1 Whats the matter?

Section A, lb

Conversation 1

Nurse: You don't look well. Whats the matter,
Sarah?

Sarah: Iwas playing with my friends at the park
yesterday. Then it got windy, but I didn’t
put on my jacket. Now I have a cold.

Conversation 2

Nurse: What's the matter, David? Are you OK?

David: I ate too much junk food at my friend’s
birthday party. So last night, I got a
stomachache. I almost couldn't get
myself out of bed this morning.

Conversation 3

Nurse: Whats the matter, Ben? Can you
move?

Ben: Not really. I was playing soccer the
other day and I hurt myself. It seemed
OK at first, but now I have a really
sore back.

Conversation 4

Nurse: You look really tired. What's the
matter, Nancy?

Nancy: 1 didn’t sleep very well last night. I
have a toothache. It’s terrible! I can’t
really eat anything either. It hurts a lot.

Conversation S

Nurse: What's the matter, Judy?

5 96 J

Judy: Ym sorry, but it’s very difficult for me
to talk.

Nurse: Oh, dear. What's the matter?

Judy: talked too much yesterday and didn’t
drink enough water. I have a very sore
throat now.

Section A, 2a, 2b

Conversation 1

Girl 1: You don’t look well. Your face looks a
bit red.

Girl 2: Yeah, and my head feels very hot.
What should I do?

Girl 1: Maybe you have a fever. You should
take your temperature.

Girl 2: Yes, you're right.

Conversation 2

Girl 1: What’s the matter?

Girl 2: I didn’t take good care of myself. I
didn’t wear enough warm clothes
yesterday. Now I have a cough and a
sore throat.

Girl 1: You should drink some hot tea with
honey.

Girl 2: That sounds like a good idea.

Conversation 3

Girl:

Boy: Ithink I ate too much at dinner last

You look terrible! What's the matter?

night. It was an all-you-can-eat meal

at the restaurant. But now I have a
stomachache.

Girl: That's too bad. You shouldn't eat
so much next time. Right now, you
should lie down and rest.

Boy: I guess I should.

Conversation 4

Girl: | What's wrong with your face?

Boy: Its not my face. It’s my tooth. I have a
toothache.

Girl: You should see a dentist and get an X-ray.

Boy: But will it hurt?

Girl: No, and if you don’t go to the dentist
now, it’ll hurt even more later!

Conversation S

Girl 1: Oh, no! What happened?

Girl 2: I was making dinner just now and I
cut myself by accident.

Girl 1: Oh, that looks serious. You should
put some medicine on it. Here, let me
help you.

Girl 2: OK, thanks.

Section B, 1b, Ic

Teacher: Hello, Jenny! You look tired.

Nurse: Well, today was a busy day in my

office. One boy hurt himself in P.E.

class.

Teacher: What happened?

Nurse: He was running under the hot sun

and then he felt sick and fell down.

Teacher: Yes, the weather is very hot today.

Nurse: He cut his knee, so I washed the cut

and put some medicine on it. Then I

put a bandage on it.

Teacher: Was the cut serious?

COCO C oo eee eee EEE EES eS EEO EEE SEE EH SHEER SESE LOE ES ES EEE EDEOEES Tapescripts eeeeeeeeeeeli

Nurse: Not really, but I also took his
temperature. Luckily he didn’t have
a fever. I told him he should rest.
Teacher: What else happened?

Nurse: One girl had a nosebleed. I told

her to put her head down and then
press the sides of her nose. Oh, and
another boy got hit on the head with
a baseball bat.

Teacher: That sounds bad. I hope he’s OK...
Nurse: hope so, too. He was taken to the

hospital to get an X-ray.

Unit 2 I’llhelp to clean up the city parks.

Section A, lb :

Conversation 1

Boy 1: [hope to work outside.

Girl 1: You could help to clean up the city parks.

Conversation 2

Boy 2: I'd like to help homeless people.

Girl 1: You could give out food at the food
bank to help feed them.

Conversation 3

Girl 2: I want to cheer up sick kids.

Girl 1: You could ask hospitals to let you visit
the kids.

Conversation 4

Girl 1: Td like to help kids with their schoolwork.

Girl 2: You could volunteer in an after-school
study program to teach kids.

Section A, 2a, 2b

Boy 1: Now we need to come up with a plan
to tell people about the city park

clean-up.

@
Girl 1: Yeah, but I’m hungry, Bob. Let’s have
lunch first.

Girl 2: No, we need to start now. Clean-up
Day is only two weeks from now.

Boy 2: You're right, Sally. We can’t put off
making a plan. As we talk, I’ll write
down all our ideas. Then we can
decide which ideas are best.

Girl 1: Um... well ... we could put up signs.

Boy 2: That's a good idea!

Girl 2: Let’s make some notices, too. Then I’ll
hand them out after school.

Boy 1: OK. Great! And we could each call up
10 students and ask them to come.

Boy 2: Hey, we're coming up with a lot of
good ideas, aren't we?

Section B, Ic, 1d

Man: This morning I’m talking with a very

wonderful young man, Jimmy the
Bike Boy. Good morning, Jimmy.

Jimmy: Good morning.

Man: So, Jimmy, tell our listeners what you

do.

Jimmy: Well, many kids don’t have enough

money to buy their own bikes. So

I find or buy old bikes. Sometimes
parts like the wheels may be broken.
So I fix up the bikes and then give
them away to these kids.

Man: That's fantastic. What gave you the

idea?

Jimmy: I guess I take after my father. He loves

to help people. He always volunteers
to help people in need.

5 98 |

seeeeeeeeeeeee Tapescripts eeeeeeeeeesesesesseeseseeseeseeeessesesesessesssoeesooeosooeoeeseeseosesesseeeeees

Man: Wov! Your parents must be proud of
you.

Jimmy: I guess so. But now I've run out of
money, so I can’t buy any more old
bikes.

Man: Oh, that’s too bad.

Jimmy: Yeah. I need to come up with some
way of getting money or I'll have to

stop.

Unit 3 Could you please clean your room?

Section A, Ib

Mom: Peter, we need to clean the house.
Your grandma is coming over at seven.

Peter: Sure, but I need to do my homework
first.

Mom: OK. Then after you finish your
homework, let’s clean up the kitchen.
Ican do the dishes and sweep the
floor. Could you please take out the
rubbish?

Peter: Sure, Mom.

Mom: Good. And could you please make
your bed and fold your clothes?

Peter: Allright.

Mom: And let's see ... I have to clean the
living room before your grandma
arrives.

Section A, 2a, 2b

Peter: Hey, Dad?

Dad: Yes?

Peter: Could I go out for dinner with my
friends tonight?

Dad: Sure, that should be OK.
Oooo eer eeeeeeeeesecereeseseseseseeeeeeeesseeeeseseseeeesese Tapescripts seeeseeseeeeeeel

Peter:

Dad:
Peter:

Dad:

Peter:

Dad:
Peter:

Could I go to the movies after that?
My friends said the new action movie
is really good.

I guess so. But don’t stay out late.
Could I stay out until eleven? We
might get something to drink after the
movie.

No, you can’t. You have a basketball
game tomorrow, remember? You need
to have a good rest.

Oh, yeah. Well, could you give me a
ride to town now? If I take the bus, I’ll
be late.

I can't, Peter. I have to do some work now.
Oh, OK. No problem. I'll call Alan.
Maybe his dad can give mea ride.

Section B, Ic, 1d

Sandy:

Mom:
Sandy:

Mom:
Sandy:

Could I invite my friends to a party
on Saturday, Mom?

Of course! That sounds like fun.
Yeah. Um... could I borrow some
money?

What for?

I need to buy some drinks and snacks.
Could I go to the store?

: Well, I’m going tomorrow, and I can

buy some drinks and snacks for you.
Oh, good. Thanks, Mom.

: You're welcome. Oh, could you clean

your room?

I cleaned it last week.

You need to clean it again for your party.
OK. At the party, could I use your
CD player?

Mom:

Sandy:

Mom:

Sandy:

Unit 4

Yes, if you're careful with it.

Don't worry, Mom!

Now, there are a few other things

I want you to do before the party.
Could you please move the big chairs
to the bedroom and clean the living
room?

Sure. Dave is coming early on

Saturday, so he can help me.

Why don't you talk to your parents?

Section A, 1b

Girl 1:
Girl 2:

Girl 1:

Girl 2:

Girl 1:

Girl 2:

Girl 1:

Girl 2:

Girl 1:

Girl 2:

You look really tired. What's the matter?
I studied until midnight last night so I
didn’t get enough sleep.
Why don’t you go to sleep earlier
tonight? You can start studying earlier.
But I have two after-school classes
today. So I can only start studying
after dinner.

Maybe you should tell your parents
that you can’t do so many things.

I did, but they think it’s important that
I take more after-school classes.

Well, they probably want you to get
into a good senior high school.

Yes, I guess that’s the reason.

You should talk to them again. Explain
to them that you need to get enough
sleep to stay healthy.

That's a good idea. OK, I'll try to talk

to them again.

Section A, 2a, 2b

Boy 1:

Hey, Peter, what's wrong?

@
seeeeseeseseeeeee Tapescripts seeeeeseeoeseseeseeeoeoeooeeoesoeooseoosoosoeooeosoeooosoooeoeosoeooeeoseeeoeoeooo

Boy 2:
Boy 1:
Boy 2:
Boy 1:
Boy 2:
Boy 1:
Boy 2:
Boy 1:
Boy 2:

Boy 1:

Boy 2:

Thad a fight with my best friend. What
should I do?

Well, you could write him a letter.

I don’t think so, although it’s a good
idea. I’m just not very good at writing
letters.

Maybe you should call him up.

No, I don’t want to talk about it on the
phone.

But you really should talk to him so
that you can say you're sorry.

Yes, I know I should, but it’s not easy.
Maybe you could go to his house.

I guess I could, but I don’t want to
surprise him.

Hey, I know. You could take him to
the ball game.

But the ball game is next week. I don’t

want to wait until then to talk to him.

Section B, Ic, 1d

Wei Ming: Alice, help me! My parents are

Alice:

Wei Ming:

Alice:

giving me too much pressure
about school!

Hey, Wei Ming. Although you may
be unhappy with your parents, you
should talk to them. Ask them why
they give you so much pressure.
It’s because they want me to get
good grades.

But life shouldn't just be about
grades. Free time activities like
sports and hanging out with

friends are important, too.

Wei Ming: I totally agree. I need more free

100)

Alice:

Wei Ming:

Alice:

Wei Ming:

time to do activities I enjoy. This
can help me relax and be healthier.
Yes, you won't get good grades if
you're stressed out all the time.
Ialso keep worrying about getting
better grades than my classmates.
Oh, you shouldn’t compete with
your classmates to get better
grades. You should all be helping
each other to improve.

You're right. Thanks for all the
good advice, Alice.

Unit 5 What were you doing when the

rainstorm came?
Section A, lb
[in the studio]

Reporter:

[outside th

Girl:

Boy:

Woman:

Man:

The weather is beautiful today!

But yesterday's rainstorm was the
heaviest one so far this year. So,
what were people doing yesterday
at the time of the rainstorm?

e studio, on the street]

I was at home doing my homework.
But I could hear the heavy rain
against my bedroom window.

I was reading at the library after
school. I’m so glad I didn’t decide
to play basketball!

I was waiting for the bus after work.
Then the rain suddenly started and
I got all wet.

I was walking home from the
supermarket. Luckily, I had an
umbrella, but I still got wet!

[back in the studio]

Reporter: Looks like many people were
caught in the rain yesterday. Many
took hours to get home...

Section A, 2a, 2b

Boy: Yesterday was a terrible day. My alarm

didn't go off so I woke up late. It was
seven thirty when I woke up, and I
needed to be at school by eight! I ran
to the bus stop ... but, I still missed
the bus. It was eight thirty when I

got to school. My teacher was angry
and I felt bad all day. At four thirty, it
was time to go home. I was waiting
for the bus when... all of a sudden .…
it began to rain heavily. It was like ...

a really crazy rainstorm! I thought I
had an umbrella in my schoolbag, so I
kept trying to look for it. I was so busy
looking for the umbrella that I didn’t
see a car coming. And it got water

all over me! I was waiting like that ...
completely wet ... for maybe almost
an hour. Finally, the bus came and
brought me home. I took a hot shower
and ate some warm food. It felt so
good to be home!

Section B, 1b, Ic

John: Hey, Kate, why weren't you at the

school basketball competition
yesterday? I called you so many times,
but you didn’t answer.

Kate: Sorry, John. I left my phone at home.

John:

Kate:

John:

Kate:

John:

Kate:

John:

Kate:

John:

Kate:

POCO e oreo ee sereeseeeeeeeerereesesesereeseseseesesesessesesese Tapescripts seeeeeeeeeeee

What were you doing at the time of
the competition?

Wel Ileft my house late and when the
competition started, I was still making
my way to school.

Then what happened?

When I got to the bus stop, I realized
that my bag was still at home!

But why didn’t you just go home to
get your bag?

I did, but while I was running back
home, I sawa dog by the side of the
road and it was hurt.

Oh, so I’m sure you helped the dog. I
know how much you love animals.
Yes, I wanted to call the Animal
Helpline, but I didn’t have my phone
so I had to wait for someone to walk
by. Then I used his phone to call the
helpline.

OK. No wonder you didn’t make it to
the competition.

Yes, I’m so sorry I wasn't there to
cheer you on, but I’m happy that your

team won!

Unit 6 An old man tried to move the

mountains.
Section A, lb
Wang Ming: Hi, Anna. In my Chinese

class today, we read a famous
story called Yu Gong Moves a
Mountain.

Oh, how does the story begin?

$101)
seeeeeeeeeeee Tapescripts aeeeeeeesoeeeeseoooeooeoooeosoooeesoeoeooeooeoooeoseoooeooeeoooeoeooeoeooeoooi

Wang Ming:

Well, once upon a time, there
was a very old man. There were
two mountains near his house.
They were so high and big that
it took a long time to walk to the

other side.

Anna: So what happened next?

Wang Ming: Well, the old man told his family
that they should all help him to
move the mountains.

Anna: Mn, but an old man probably
couldn't even move a small tree.

Wang Ming: Yes, that’s what his wife said, too.

Anna: And where would they put all
the earth and stone from the
mountains?

Wang Ming: Yu Gong said they could put it
into the sea because it's big enough
to hold everything. So they all
started digging the next day.

Section A, 2a, 2b

Wang Ming: Let me tell you the rest of the

story about Yu Gong. Yu Gong
and his family began to move
some of the earth and stone to
the sea. One day, a man saw Yu
Gong and his children when
they were working on moving
the mountains. He told Yu Gong
that he could never do it because
he was old and weak. As soon

as the man finished talking, Yu
Gong said that his family could

continue to move the mountains

5102)

after he died. His family would
live and grow, but the mountains
could not get bigger. So Yu Gong
and his family kept on digging
day after day and year after year.
Finally, a god was so moved by
Yu Gong that he sent two gods
to take the mountains away.

This story reminds us that you
can never know what's possible

unless you try to make it happen.

Section B, 1b, Ic

Mei Ling:

Tom:

Mei Ling:

Tom:

Mei Ling:

Tom:

Mei Ling:

Tom:

Tom, can you tell me a story from
Europe?

Well, I know one. It’s called The
Emperor's New Clothes. This story
is about an emperor who loved
clothes. He loved buying and
looking at his beautiful clothes.
So what happened?

Two brothers came to the city

to make special clothes for the
emperor. But the emperor had to
give them silk and gold.

Were the clothes nice?

Well, the brothers kept everything
for themselves and told the
emperor that people couldn't see
the clothes unless they were clever.
Oh, so they were really trying to
cheat the emperor!

Yes, you are right. When the
emperor looked at himself, he

only saw his underwear. But he
didn’t want people to think he was
stupid, so he said his new clothes
were very beautiful.
Mei Ling: Did he wear the new clothes?
Tom: Yes, he did. He walked through
the city wearing his new clothes.
Nobody wanted to sound stupid,
so everyone said his new clothes
were wonderful. But suddenly,
a young boy shouted, “Look!
‘The emperor isn’t wearing any
clothes!”

Mei Ling: What a funny story!

Unit 7 What’s the highest mountain in

the world?

Section A, 1b

Teacher: Yesterday, we learned some
important geographical facts. I hope
you all still remember them. I'm
going to test you now by asking a few
questions. First, what's the highest

mountain in the world?

Boy 1: Qomolangma! It’s higher than any
other mountain in the world.

Teacher: That’s right. And who can tell me
what the Sahara is?

Girl1: The Sahara is the biggest desert in
the world.

Teacher: Very good. And which is the deepest
salt lake in the world?

Girl2: The Caspian Sea is the deepest of all
the salt lakes.

Teacher: You're all so smart! Now, for the last

Boy 2:

Boy 1:

Teacher:

POPC eee ee reer eeeeseeeeseseeeeseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeseeeeseseee Tapescripts ecccccccccccce

question, which is the longest river
in the world?

I know! The Nile is the longest river
in the world.

And the Amazon is the second
longest river in the world.

It seems that you know the answers

to all my questions. Good job!

Section A, 2a, 2b

Mike:

Boy:

Mike:

Girl:

Mike: ©

Boy:

Mike:

Girl:

Mike:

Hi, I’m Mike. I’m from the United
States.

Welcome to our class, Mike. We're
happy to meet you.

Can you tell me a bit more about
China?

Sure! Did you know that China is one
of the oldest countries in the world?
It’s over 5,000 years old.

Yes, I did. It’s much older than my
country — in fact, the United States is
one of the youngest countries in the
world. It’s not even 300 years old.
And China has the biggest population,
too. It’s a lot bigger than the population
of the United States.

But China is about the same size as
the US, right?

Yes, and it’s the biggest country in
Asia. We also have some famous
rivers. The Yangtze River is the
longest river in Asia. It’s about 6,300
kilometers long.

Wow! I didn’t know that. I thought

the Yellow River was longer.

@
Boy: No, the Yellow River is 5,464
kilometers long. But both rivers are
very important to China.

Section B, 1b, 1c

Teacher: Do you have any questions about

baby pandas?

Are they much smaller than an adult

panda?

Boy 1:

Teacher: Yes. When they're born, they only
weigh about 0.1 to 0.2 kilos.

Boy 1: Wow, that’s small! I know an adult
panda weighs many times more than
a baby.

Teacher: That’s right. And the adult pandas
weigh around 100 kilos.

Boy 2: What about the size of a baby

panda? How small is it?
Teacher: At birth, it’s only around 15 cm
long, but an adult panda is around
150 cm long.
Is a baby panda also black and
white?

Girl:

Teacher: No, you would never guess! A baby
panda is pink and it cannot see. It
also doesn’t have any teeth.

Girl:

Teacher: They can live up to 20 to 30 years.

How long can pandas live?

Unit 8 Have you read Treasure Island yet?

Section A, 1b

Conversation 1

Nick: Hey, Judy, how was English class?

Judy: Hey, Nick. It was a good class today. I
enjoyed it.

4104)

eeeeeeeeeeeee Tapescripts eee eee eee eer rrr reer rrr rrr rrr rrr

Nick: Whats your class reading right now?

Judy: We're reading a book called Treasure
Island.

Nick: Howis it? I haven't read it yet.

Judy: Its really exciting.

Conversation 2

Alan: Sandy, have you finished the reader
yet?

Sandy: What reader, Alan?

Alan: Robinson Crusoe. Ms. Butler told us to
finish it this week, remember?

Sandy: Oh, no! I’ve not read it yet.

Alan: Well, I just finished reading it last
night.

Sandy: How is it? Is it boring?

Alan: No, [love it. It’s wonderful.

Conversation 3

Kate: Have you read Little Women yet, Harry?

Harry: No, [haven't. Have you, Kate?

Kate: Yes. I’ve already read it.

Harry: What's it like?

Kate: It’s fantastic.

Harry: Can I borrow it from you?

Kate: Sure.
Section A, 2a, 2b
Tina: Hi, Mark.

Mark: Hey there, Tina. Whats up?
Tina: I’m reading this fantastic book.
Mark: What is it?

Tina: Treasure Island. Have you read it yet?
Mark: No, I haven't. Whats it about?

Tina: It’s about this boy who goes out to sea
and finds an island full of treasures.

What are you reading right now?
Mark: I’ve just finished Oliver Twist and
Robinson Crusoe.

Tina: Oh, yeah. I’ve already read both of
them. They’re classics. We had to
study Robinson Crusoe last term.

Mark: So what are you studying this term?

Tina: Tom Sawyer. It’s a story about a boy
who lives in the United States. Many
exciting things happen to him.

Mark: Sounds interesting. I'll have to read it.

Section B, 1b, Ic

Dave: What are you listening to, Alex? The
song sounds really good.

Alex: Hey, Dave! I’m listening to a band
called “The Toms”. Have you heard of
them yet?

Dave: No, Ihaven't. Are they a new band?

Alex: Yes, they only started singing earlier
this year. But they ve already made
two CDs.

Dave: Wow, they must be really popular.
Where are they from?

Alex: They’re from California, in the United
States. There are five people in the
band and they’re all teenage boys.

Dave: I guess what they’re playing is pop
music, right?

Alex: Yes, but it sounds more like rock. I like
their music because it’s loud and full of
energy. I feel excited when I listen to it.

Dave: Me, too. I think if] listen to their
music every morning, it will wake me
up and make me happy for the rest of
the day!

POCO CoC CE CEE EE EEE SES EEO SHEET EEE EEE SES ESOS ESSE EEE EEE EEE EEEES Tapescripts seeeeeeeeeeeee

Alex: Do you want to borrow my CD then?
Dave: Sure, thanks! That'd be great!

Unit 9 Have you ever been to a museum?

Section A, 1b

Sarah: I’m bored, Claudia. Let’s do
something interesting.

Claudia: Have you ever been to a science
museum?

Sarah: Yes, I have. I went to the National
Science Museum last year. Have you
ever been to a history museum?

Claudia: No, I haven't.

Sarah: Me neither. Let's go to one tomorrow.

Claudia: Well, that sounds good, but I’m not
interested in history.

Sarah: Really? I didn’t know that. Well,
how about the art museum? Have
you been to the art museum?

Claudia: I’ve been to the art museum many
times.

Sarah: Me, too. But I'd like to go again.
Hmm let’s see ... how about the
nature museum? I’ve been there a
few times.

Claudia: So have I. 1 went there on our last
school trip.

Sarah: I know. Let’s go to the space
museum. I’ve never been there.

Claudia: That's a great idea. I went there last
year, but I'd like to go there again.

Section A, 2a, 2b

Conversation 1

John: Hey, have you ever visited the space

4105)
eeccccccccccecs Tapescripts POO e oer eereeereereseeeceeseeeseeeeeseeeeeseseeeeeeesseeesese

museum, Tina?

Tina: Yes, I went there last year. Have you
ever been there, John?

John: No, [haven't.

Tina: Well, I'd really like to go there again.

John: Great. What bus do we take to get to
the museum?

Tina: We can take the subway. The station is
near the museum.

Conversation 2

Kim: Hi, Linda. Have you ever been to the
amusement park?

Linda: Yes, I have, but a long time ago. I
remember it was really fun. There
were so many exciting things to do
there.

Kim: Do you want to go again next week?

Linda: Sure. I think that would be a great idea.

Kim: Do you think we can ride our bikes there?

Linda: Of course! It’s not very far away. It’s

just on Green Street, behind the zoo.

Conversation 3

Tom:
Frank:
Tom:

Frank:

Tom:

Frank:

Have you ever been to the water park,
Frank?

No, Tve never been there.

Neither have I. Let’s go there together!
I'd really love to go, but I don’t have
any money.

Well, let’s go skating instead. There’s
a great new place for skating in River
Park on Center Street.

That’s a great idea. Could I borrow
your bike? I want to go home to get

my skates.

4106)

Section B, 1b, Ic

Boy 1:

Boy 2:

Boy 1:
Boy 2:

Boy 1:

Boy 2:

Boy 1:
Boy 2:

Boy 1:
Boy 2:
Boy 1:
Boy 2:
Boy 1:
Boy 2:

Boy 1:

Boy 2:

So, Peter, how long have you been in
China?

I’ve been here for two weeks, but I’m
going back to Australia tomorrow.
Have you traveled much?

Yes, I have. I’ve seen many interesting
things.

Have you visited the Palace Museum?
Yes, I have. I went there last week. It
was wonderful. There were so many
beautiful treasures.

And have you been to the Great Wall?
Oh, yes. I loved it, but there were too
many people. I’ve also been to the
Bird’s Nest.

Wow, great! Did you go anywhere
outside Beijing?

Yes. I went to see the Terracotta Army
in Xian. It was fantastic.

OK. Have you tried Chinese food?
Oh, yes. I love Chinese food.

Do you have a favorite dish?

I love Beijing Duck. It’s so delicious.
Thank you for your time and have a
safe trip home.

Thank you.

Unit 10 I’ve had this bike for three years.
Section A, 1b

Amy:

Jeff:

You have some great things in this
yard sale, Jeff.
Thanks, Amy. Our family has collected

so many things over the years, but we
PCC e eee reece eee eeee eee ee eeeeeE SEES EESEHE OSE EESEEEEEEEESEES Tapescripts ecccccccccccce

Amy:

don’t use them anymore.

But isn’t it hard to sell some of your
things? There are many things I’ve
had since I was a child. I don’t think I
could sell them.

Yes, it’s hard to say goodbye to certain
things.

Amy: By the way, how long have you had
that bike over there?

Jeff: ve had it for three years! I learned
how to ride a bike on it.

Amy: Old things really bring back sweet
memories. But it’s true that we may
never use some of these things again.

Jeff: — Yes, like old toys or books you've
already read. You can sell those, or
you can also give them away to kids or
people who need them.

Amy: Oh! How much is this book?

Jeff: | You can have it for 75 cents.

Section A, 2a, 2b

Mom: Let’s look through this box of old

Amy:

Mom:

Amy:

Mom:

things and decide what to give away.

I think I want to keep this book. I’ve
had it for three years. Even though
I’ve already read it twice, it’s still my
favorite book. But we can give away
the magazine.

What about these soft toys?

I want to keep the bear because I’ve
had it since I was a baby. It has special
meaning to me because Grandma gave
it to me. I'll give away the lion and tiger.
OK. And this old bread maker of mine

Amy:

Mom:

can go, too. I’ve had it for more than
10 years. Aunt Taylor bought a new
one for me last week.

That's great. We can still have
homemade bread. And I can give away
this sweater and dress, too. They don’t
fit me anymore. But I want to keep the
hat and scarf for ice skating.

Great. You can take these things to the

children’s home tomorrow then.

Section B, 1b, Ic

Martin: Hey, Jenny, your hometown is really

Jenny:

Martin:

Jenny:

Martin:

Jenny:

Martin:

Jenny:

beautiful.

Yes, I’ve been away for the past few
years, but I still love this town. Even
though it’s old, it’s full of interesting
places to see and things to do.

Wow, look at that building! I’ve
never seen anything like it!

Yes, that’s one of the oldest buildings in
this town. It’s been around for hundreds
of years. It's now the town library.
What about the building next to it?
Oh, that’s the new science museum.
It’s only been here since last August.
There's a really big park behind the
museum. Many families go there on
weekends to let the kids run around
and climb the hills.

Nice. Can we check it out?

Sure. But first, let’s have lunch at this
restaurant down the street. It’s been
around for as long as I can remember.

It serves the best food in town.

1107)
pecccccccescoce Grammimar ceecccccccccccccccccccccccccccceescccceeeeseceeeseeeeeeeeeees

Grammar

I. J<4fRin] ( Reflexive Pronouns )

表示 反射 或 强调 的 代词 叫做 反 身 代词 。 反 身 代词 是 由 第 一 人 称 、 第 二 人 称 形容 词性
物 主 代词 或 第 三 人 称 人 称 代词 宾 格 形式 ， 词 尾 加 self 或 selves 组 成 。 反 身 代词 可 译 为 “本
人 ”、“ 本 身 ”， 为 加 强 语气 ， 也 常 译 为 “亲自 ”、“ 自 己 ”。 请 见 下 表 ;

aes 第 一人称 第 一 人称 第 三 人 称
himself |
单 Be myself yourself herself
itself
复 数 ourselves yourselves themselves
反 身 代词 的 用 法 如 下 表 :
句法 作用 例 句

The child can dress himself. 这 孩子 能 自己 穿 衣服 了 。
ie Take good care of yourself. 好 好 照顾 你 自己 。
But the driver didn’t think about himself. 但 是 司机 并 没有 为 自己 着 想 。

主语 或 宾语 的 | Mrs. Black herself is a lawyer. 布莱克 太太 本 人 就 是 一 名 律师 。
同位 语 You had better ask the driver himself. 你 最 好 问 司 机 本 人 。

Just be yourself. 做 你 自己 就 好 了 。
Mary hasn't quite been herself recently. 玛丽 近来 有 些 不 对 劲 。

IT， 情态 动词 ( Modal Verbs )

情态 动词 可 以 用 来 表示 “提议 ”、“ 建 议 ”或 “请 求 ”等 。

情态 动词 should 作 “ 应 该 ; 应 当 ; 可 以 ” 讲 ， 用 以 表达 职责 和 义务 、 提 出 劝告 ， 而
且 表 述 的 是 自己 的 主观 看 法 ， 其 后 接 动 词 原形 。 例 如 :

I think you should lie down and rest. 我 觉得 你 应 该 躺 下 休息 。

You should call him so that you can say you're sorry. 你 应 当 给 他 打 电 话 ， 向 他 说 声
对 不 起 。

1108)
Pe recccccccccscccccccccccccsescccccccoccecooccocccoosossoosoes Grammar 。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

should 的 否定 式 是 should not/shouldnt， 意 思 是 “不 应 当 ; AK’. Plan:

Youshouldn'ttake such risks. 你 不 该 冒 这 么 大 风险 。

情态 动词 could 用 于 有 礼 角 地 向 对 方 提出 要 求 或 请 求 。 例 如 :

A: Could you please take the dog for a walk? fii) Ai83 Fy"?

B: OK, but I want to watch one show first. 可 以 ， 但 我 想 先 看 个 节目 。

再 如 : Could we get something to drink after the movie? 我 们 看 完 电影 后 可 以 喝 点
什么 吗 ?

could 也 用 于 提出 建议 ， 比 can 语气 更 为 婉转 。 例 如 ;

Maybe you could do more jobs around the house so that they have more time for
Proper communication. 也 许 你 可 以 在 家 里 多 做 点 事 ， 让 他 们 多 些 时 间 好 好 地 沟通 。

I. 动词 时 态 (Verb Tenses )

1， 过 去 进行 时 ( Past Progressive Tense )

过 去 进行 时 由 “was/were + 动词 -ing” 构 成 ， 表 示 在 过 去 某 一 时 刻 或 某 一 段 时 间 正 在
进行 的 动作 。 这 一 特定 的 过 去 时 间 除 有 上 下 文 暗 示 以 外 ， 一 般 用 时 间 状 语 来 表示 。 例 如 :

A: What were you doing at eight last night? 昨 晚 八 点 你 在 干什么 ?

B:Iwastaking ashower. 我 ( 当时 ) 在 淋浴 。

A: What was he doing when the rainstorm came? 暴风 十 来 的 时 候 他 在 干什么 ?

B: He was reading in the library when the rainstorm came. 暴风 雨 来 的 时 候 他 在 图 书

馆 看 书 。
A: What was Jenny doing while Linda was sleeping? 琳 达 在 睡觉 的 时 候 ， 珍 妮 在
做 什么 ?

B: While Linda was sleeping, Jenny was helping Mary with her homework. 琳 达
在 睡觉 的 时 候 ， 珍 妮 在 帮助 玛丽 做 作业 。
下 面 以 动词 work 为 例 ， 将 过 去 进行 时 的 肯定 式 、 否 定式 和 疑问 式 以 及 简略 答 语 列表 如 下 :

ex Ge ec
I/He/She/It was working. I/He/She/It was not working.
We/You/They were working. We/You/ They were not working.
疑问 式 和 简略 回答
Was I working? Were you working? Was he/she/it working?
Yes, you were. Yes, I was. Yes, he/she/it was.
No, you were not. No, I was not. No, he/she/it was not.
人 Yes, you/we/they were.
>? ”
Were we/you/they working? Nb;yieu/we/they. a8

@®
Oe ceececccccce Grammar 。。。。。o。oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

注 :

1) was not 常 缩 略 为 wasnt /wpznt/ ; were not 常 缩 略为 weren't /w3:(r)nt/.

2) 一 般 过 去 时 与 过 去 进行 时 用 法 的 比较 : 一 般 过 去 时 表示 在 过 去 某 个 时 间 发 生 过 的
动作 或 存在 的 状态 ， 而 过 去 进行 时 则 表示 在 过 去 某 一 时 刻 或 某 一 段 时 间 正 在 进行 的 动作 。
例如 :

David wrote a letter to his friend last night.

大 卫 昨 晚 给 他 的 朋友 写 了 封 信 。( 信 写 完了 。 )

David was writing a letter to his friend last night.

大 卫 昨 晚 一 直 在 给 他 的 朋友 写 信 。( 信 不 一 定 写 完 。)

2， 现 在 完成 时 (Present Perfect Tense )

1) 现在 完成 时 的 构成

现在 完成 时 由 “助动词 have (has) + 过 去 分 词 ”构成 。 下 面 以 动词 fnish 为 例 ， 将 现
在 完成 时 的 肯定 式 、 和 否定 式 和 疑问 式 以 及 简略 答 语 列表 如 下 :

A ow Ge x

1/You have finished. 1/You have not finished.

He/She/It has finished. He/She/It has not finished.

We/You/They have finished. We/You/They have not finished.

疑问 式 和 简略 回答

Have I/you finished? Yes, you/I have. No, you/I have not.
Has he/she /it finished? Yes, he/she/it has. No, he/she/it has not.
Have we/you/they finished? _| Yes, you/we/they have. No, you/we/they have not.

TE: have not 常 简略 为 haven't /‘hzvnt/, has not 常 简略 为 hasn't /‘heznt/.

2) 现在 完成 时 的 用 法

—_
用 法 例 句

表示 过 去 发 生 或 已 经 完成 的 动作 | - Have youhad yourlunch yet?

对 现在 造成 的 影响 或 结果 。 — Yes, I have. I’ve just had it. ( 现在 我 不 饿 了 。 )
— Have you read Little Women yet?
—No, Ihaven’t. (我 对 该 书 不 了 解 。)

某 些 动词 的 现在 完成 时 可 表示 过 | Ihaven't seen her these days.

去 某 一 时 间 开 始 并 一 直 持续 到 现 | Tveknown Bob for three years.

在 (包括 “现在 ”在 内 ) 的 动作 | Tvebeen at this school for over two years.

或 状态 ， 可 以 和 表示 延续 的 时 间 | They have lived here since 1996.

状语 连用 。 表 示 持 续 动作 或 状态 | How long have you worked in this library?

的 动词 多 是 延续 性 动词 。 She has taught us since I came to this school.

4110)
Se eorrcccccccccccccccscsesesccscsecccccccccocoesesccccoossooss Grammar 。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

用 法 Bil 句
现在 完成 时 可 以 和 already, never, | Ihave already taught him some English.
ever, just, before, yet 等 连用 。 John has never been to the space museum.

Have you ever been to a zoo at night?

My boy has just started junior high school.

I've never been to the water park before.

Have you decided which book to write about yet?

have (has) been fil have (has) gone| Where has he been? 他 刚才 到 哪儿 去 了 ?

的 区 别 : (他 已 经 回来 了 。)

have (has) been 表 示 “ 曾 经 到 过 | Where has he gone? 他 到 哪儿 去 了 ?

某 地 ”，have (has) gone 表 示 “ 已 | ( 他 不 在 这 里 。)

经 去 某 地 了 ”。 She has been to Shanghai. 她 去 过 上 海 。

(她 已 不 在 上 海 了 。 )

She has gone to Shanghai. 她 到 上 海 去 了 。

〈 她 可 能 已 在 去 上 海 的 路 上 ， 或 已 到 上 海 ， 总 之 ， 现 在
不 在 这 里 。)

TE: 非 延续 性 动词 在 否定 结构 中 可 用 现在 完成 时 表示 持续 的 动作 或 状态 。 例 如
I haven’t bought anything for two months.

3) 现在 完成 时 和 一 般 过 去 时 的 区 别

现在 完成 时 表示 过 去 发 生 的 某 一 动作 对 现在 造成 的 影响 或 结果 , 强调 的 是 现在 的 情
况 ， 所 以 它 不 能 和 表示 过 去 的 时 间 状 语 连用 ， 例 如 : yesterday, last night, three weeks ago,
in 1990 等 。 而 一 般 过 去 时 只 表示 过 去 的 动作 或 状态 ， 和 现在 不 发 生 联 系 ， 它 可 以 和 上 述
表示 过 去 的 时 间 状 语 连用 。 例 如 :

Ihave seen the flm. 我 看 过 这 部 电影 。( 我 了 解 这 部 电影 的 内 容 。)

I saw the film last week. 我 上 星期 看 了 这 部 电影 。( 只 说 明 上 星期 看 了 这 部 电影 ， 不 涉
及 现在 的 情况 。)

He has lived here since 1992. 1992 年 以 来 他 一 直 住 在 这 里 。( 他 现在 还 住 在 这 里 。)

He lived here in 1992. 1992 年 他 住 在 这 里 。( 不 涉及 他 现在 是 否 还 住 在 这 里 。)

IV. 动词 不 定式 ( Infinitives )

1. 动词 不 定式 的 基本 形式 是 “to 十 动词 原形 ”， 有 时 可 以 不 带 to。 动 词 不 定式 没有 人
称 和 数 的 变化 ， 在 句子 中 不 能 作 谓 语 。 动 词 不 定式 仍 保留 动词 的 特点 ， 即 可 以 有 自己 的 宾
语 和 状语 。 动 词 不 定式 同 它 的 宾语 或 状语 构成 不 定式 短语 。 例 如 : to read the newspaper,
to speak at the meeting 等 。

2. 动词 不 定式 具有 名 词 、 形 容 词 和 副词 的 特征 ， 因 此 在 句 中 可 以 作 主 语 、 宾 语 、 宾
语 补足 语 、 定 语 和 状语 等 。 初 中 要 求 掌握 的 动词 不 定式 的 句法 作用 如 下 表 :

@
poccccccccccos Gramimar ceeeeccccccccccccccccccccccccscscccccccscceseeeeesseseseeeeols

She wanted to become a teacher.

He is learning to swim.
作 状 语 He went to the library to borrow some books.
is I’m glad to see you.
作 宾 语 补足 语 She asked me to speak louder. |

Could you ask the bus driver to wait for five minutes?

3. 动词 不 定式 的 否定 形式 由 “not 十 动词 不 定式 ”构成 。 例 如 :

Tell him notto be late.

The policeman told the boys not to play in the street.

4. 动词 不 定式 可 以 和 what，which，how，where，when 等 连用 。 例 如 :

Nobodytold us what to do next.

I don’t know where to go.

He showed me how to use the new mobile phone.

The question is when to start.

5. 不 带 to 的 情况

有 一 些 动词 后 用 作 宾 语 补足 语 的 不 定式 通常 不 带 to。 这 种 动词 有 两 类 : 一 类 是 感官 动
词 ， 如 see，hear，watch，feel，notice 等 。 例 如 :

Isawthe teacher get out.

Iheard the birds sing.

另 一 类 是 使 役 动 词 ， 如 let，make，have 等 。 例 如 :

Let me go!

They made the children work 12 hours a day.

v. 状语 从 句 ( Adverbial Clauses )
在 复合 句 中 ， 用 作 状 语 的 从 名 叫做 状语 从 句 。 状 语 从 名 根据 它 表 达 的 意思 可 分 为 时
间 、 原 因 、 条 件 、 比 较 、 结 果 、 目 的 和 让 步 等 类 型 。

类 型 引导 连词 例 句

As he explored the town, he took a lot of pictures.

As soon as he arrived in France, he called me.

He has been in Shanghai since he was born.

Don't come in until you are called.

Whenever I'm feeling down, my friends will cheer me up.
While I was watching TY, the bell rang.

fi when, before,
after, as, while, as
时 间 | soonas, since, not...
until, whenever i
词 引导 。

112)
Pe ecccccecsccccccccccsccscccccscccccosscecescccscscsosossocsoss Grammar 。。。。。。。。。。。。。

类 型 引导 连词 例 句

I didn’t go surfing because it was too cold.
As the car was expensive, we didn’t buy it.

原因 由 because，as，since

等 连词 引导 。 Since he was busy, he didn’t come.
条 件 由 让，unless 等 连词 引 | Ifyou travel in India, you can use English everywhere.
° 导 。 I won't pass the exam unless I study hard.
比较 由 as (so)...as, than | The Yangtze River is almost as long as the Amazon River.
等 引导 。 John swims better than Jim (does).
结果 | 由 so..that 引 导 。 He was so weak that he couldn't walk on.

We'll sit near the front so we can hear the speaker better.
You should talk to him so that you can say you're sorry.

| Although the traffic was heavy, we got to the railway

| station on time.

Even though he is 80, he still looks strong and healthy.

HAAN |. 由 so，sothat 等 引导 。

由 although，even

让 步 | though 等 引导 。

TE: 在 时 间 状 语 从 句 和 条 件 状 语 从 句 中 通常 用 一 般 现 在 时 表示 一 般 将 来 时 。 例如 :

If you go to the party, you'll have a great time! 如 果 你 去 参加 聚会 ， 你 会 玩 得 很 愉快 !
Unless we talk to someone, we'll certainly feel worse. 除 非 我 们 找 人 聊 一 聊 ， 不 然 我 们
定 会 感觉 更 精 。
ecccccccceeeeWords and Expressions in Each Unitececccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccece

Words and Expressions in Each Unit

CGE: 在 本 词 表 中 ， 重 点 词汇 用 黑体 标 出 。
在 英 式 发 音 和 美式 发 音 有 区 别 时 ， 英 式 发 音 在 前 ， 美 式 发 音 在 后 。 )

Unit 1
matter /maete(T)/ 1. 问题 ; 事情
Whats the matter? 怎么 了 ?
出 什么 事 了 ?
sore /soi(r)/ adj. 疼 痛 的 ; 酸痛 的
have a cold 感冒
stomachache /'stamokeik/
九 胃 痛 ; 腹痛
have a stomachache 胃痛
foot /fut/ n. fil; 足
neck /nek/ n. Si; 脖子 -
stomach /'stamok/
nS; 腹部
throat /Oraut/ n. HMR; MRE
fever /'fi:va(r)/ n. KBE
lie /la1/ v. (lay /ler/) i; 平 躺
lie down 躺 下
rest /rest/v. & n. 放松 ; 休息
cough /kof/, /ko:f/ n. & v. Wie
X-ray /'eks ret/n. XH; XIE
toothache /'tu:Oerk/ n. 牙痛
take one’s temperature 量 体 温
headache /‘hedetk/ n. 头痛
have a fever 发 烧
break /bretk/ 7. 间歇 ; 休息
take breaks (take a break) 休息
hurt /h3:(r)t/ v. (hurt /h3:(r)t/)
(使 ) 疼痛 ; 受伤

由 14

p-l

p.l
p.l
pl

pl
pl
p.l
p-l

pl
pl
P.2
P.2
P.2
p.2
p.2
p.2
p.2
p.2
p.2
p.2
p.2
p.2

p.2

passenger /'pzsind3a(r)/

n. Fe 5 旅客 p.3
off /vf/, /o:f/ adv. & prep. BFF ( 某 处 );

不 工作 ; 从 ……' 去 掉 p3
get o 任 下 车 p3
to one’s surprise 使 …… 惊 讶 的 ;

出 乎 …… 意 料 p3
onto /pntu/, /‘a:ntu/ prep. [a]; 朝  p.3
trouble /'trabl/ n. 问题 ; 苦恼 p3
hit /hit/ v. (hit /hit/) ( 用 手 或 器 具 )

dis 47 p3
right away 立即 ; 马上 p3
get into aA; 参与 p3
herself /h3:(r)'self/

pron.(sheft 24 ftia]) 她 自己 p4

bandage /"beendid3/ n. 绷带

v. FRA FL p.s
press /pres/v. Fk; 挤 ; 4% ps
sick /stk/ adj. 生病 的 ， 有 病 的 p.5
knee /niy 7. 膝 ;膝盖 ps
nosebleed /‘nouzbli:d/ n. $44} tf. p-5
breathe /bri:d/ v. IF p.6

sunburned /'sanb3:(r)nd/ adj. 晒 伤 的 p.6
ourselves /aua(r)'selvz/

prom.( we 的 反 身 代词 ) RIAA po
climber /klarmae(r)/ 7. 登 山 者 ;

攀登 者 p.6
be used to 习惯 于 …… 3 ii
risk /risk/n. & v. 危险; 风险 ; 冒险 ”p.6

take risks (take a risk) 冒险 p.6
accident /'eksidont/ n.( 交通 ) 事故 ;
意外 遭遇 p.6

situation /sitfu'erfn/ n. ffl; WL p.6
kilo /‘ki:lou/ (= kilogram)

n. 千克 ; 公斤 p.6
rock /rok/, /ra:k/ n. 岩石 p.6
run out (of) A/S; 耗 尽 p.6
knife /narf/n. (pl. knives /narvz/)

JJ p.6
cut off 切除 p.6
blood /blad/ n. ffi. p.6
mean /mi:n/ v. (meant /ment/)

意思 是 ; 打算 ; 意欲 p.6
get out of 离开 ;从 ……' 出 来 p.6
importance /1m'po:(r)tns/

九重 要 性 ; 重要 p.6

decision /di'sign/ n. PRE; 抉择 p.6
control /kon'troul/

n. & Vv. PR; 约束 ; 管理 p-6
be in control of 掌管 ;管理 p.6
spirit /'spirit/ n. 勇气 ; 意志 p.6
death /de6/ n. %E; 死亡 p.6
give up 放弃 p.7
“nurse /n3:(r)s/ n. 护士 p.8
Judy /dsu:di/ 朱 迪 ( 女 名 ) P.I
Nancy /nansi/ 南 希 ( 女 名 ) pl
Mandy /maendi/ 曼 迪 ( 女 名 ) p.2
Aron /'eron/ Ralston/ro:lstan/
阿 伦 . 罗 尔 斯 顿 p.6
Utah /ju:ta:/ 犹他 州 〈( 美 国 ) p.6

vecccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccosoe Words and Expressions in Each Unit。。。。。。。。。。。。。

Unit 2
clean up 打扫 (或 清除 ) 干净 p.9
cheer /tf1a/, /tfir/ v. 欢呼 ;喝彩 p.9
cheer up (使 ) 变 得 更 高 兴 ; 振奋 起 来 p.9
give out 分 发 ; 散发 po
volunteer /vplon'tia/, /,va:lon'tir/

忆 MF ARR on. 志愿 者 po
come up with 想 出 ; 提出

(主意 、 计 划 、 回 答 等 ) p.10
put off 推迟 p.10
sign /SarIn/ 小 标志 ; 信号 p-10
notice /‘noutis/

九 通 知 ; 通告 ; 注意

VERE; 意识 到 p-10
hand out 分 发 p.10
callup 打 电 话 给 ( 某 人 ); 征召 P.10
used to BAB 过 去 … 一 p.10

lonely /‘lounli/ adj. 孤独 的 ; 寂寞 的 p.10

care for 照顾 ; 非常 喜欢 p.10
several /'sevral/

pron. 几 个 ; 数 个 ; 一 些 Pp.11
strong /stron/, /stro:/

adj. 强烈 的 ; 强壮 的 p.ll
feeling /‘fi:liy/ n. 感觉 ;感触 P.11
satisfaction /Satrsfaekfny/

nA; 满意 P.11
joy /dgo1/ n. Fi; 愉快 P.11
owner /‘suna(r)/n. WE; 主人 p.-ll
try out 参加 …… 选 拔 ; 试用 p.ll
journey /'d33:(r)ni/

n.( SUH ) 旅行 ; 行程 P.11
raise /reiz/v. #R; 征集 p.12
midnight /‘midnait/ n. FR; FPL  p.12
alone /o'loun/ adv. 独自 ; 单独 p.12

A115)
repair /ripea/, /riper/ v. 修理; 修补 p.13

fix /fiks/ v. 修理 ; 安装 p.13
fix up 修理 ; 装饰 p.13
give away 赠送 ; 捐赠 P.13
take after ( 外 瑶 或 行为 ) 像 p.13
broken /'broukan/ adj. 破损 的 ;

残缺 的 p.13
wheel /wi:l/ n. 车轮; 轮子 p.13
letter /‘leta(r)/n.{f; PA p.l4
Miss /mis/n.&-:; 小姐 p.14
set up 建 起 ; 设立 p.14
disabled /dis'e1bld/

adj. 丧失 能 力 的 ; 有 残疾 的 P.14
make a difference 影响 ， 有 作用 p.14
blind /blaind/ adj. fi; 失明 的 p.l4
deaf /def/ adj. 4H) p.14
imagine /1mad3in/ v. 想象 ; iA p.14
difficulty /‘diftkalti/ n. AXE; 难题 p.14
open /'supon/ v. 开 ; 打开 p.14
door /dox(r)/ n. {J p.14
carry /‘keri/v.$; $2; 4. p.14
train /trein/ v. JIA; Heil] P.14
excited /IksartId/

adj. 激动 的 ; 兴奋 的 p.14
training /‘tremm/n. 训练， 培训 p.14
kindness /'kaindnos/ n. {=#4; 善良 p.14
clever /‘kleva(r)/

adj. 聪明 的 ; 聪颖 的 p.14
understand /,anda(r)'steend/

v. (understood /,anda(r)'stud/)

理解 ; 领会 p.14

change /tfernd3/v. & n. 24k; 改变 p.14
interest /'Intrast/ n. 兴趣 ; 关注
VERO; 使 关注

GD

p.16

eeccccceccoesWords and Expressions in Each Unitesscccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccece

sir /s3:(r)/n. 46/E (用 于 正式 信函 中
对 不 知名 的 男性 收 信人 的 称呼 时 ，
写 为 Sir )

madam /madamy/ 1 夫人; 女士
(用 于 正式 信函 中 对 不 知名 的 女性
收 信人 的 称呼 时 ， 写 为 Madam ) p.16

p.16

Mario /'meriau/, /‘ma:risu/

马里 奥 ( 男 名 ) P.11
Jimmy /dsrmiy/ 吉米 ( 男 名 ) P.13
Unit 3
rubbish /'rabif/ n. 473k; FH  —p.l7
take out the rubbish 倒 垃 圾 p.17
fold /fould/ v. 7%; HT p.17
sweep /swi:p/ v. (swept /swept/)

A; HT p.17
floor /flo:(r)/ n. 地板 p.17
mess /mes/ 7. 杂乱 ; 不 整洁 p.18
throw /@rau/ v. (threw /@ru:/)

扔 ; 掷 P.19
all the time 频繁 ; 反复 p.19

neither /‘na169/, /'‘ni:6a(r)/ adv. 也 不

pron. 两 者 都 不 p.19
shirt /f3:(r)t/ 1. #142 p.19
as soon as 一 …… 就 …… p.19
pass /pa:s/, /pes/

六 给 ; 3B; 走 过 ; 通过 p.20
borrow /bpreu/ /‘ba:rau/

vfs 借用 p.20
lend /lend/ ». (lent /lent/)

借 给 ; 借 出 p.20
finger /'finga(r)/ n. F4% p.20
hate /heit/ v. RE; 讨厌 p.20
chore /tfo:(r)/

NARS; 乏味 无 聊 的 工作 p.20
while /wail/ conj. 与 ……: 同时 ;

当 …… 的 时 候 ; 而 ; 然而 p.20
snack /snek/n. 4b; 小 吃 ; PE p21
stress /stres/ n. 精神 压力 ;

心理 负担 p.22
waste /weist/n. 浪费 ; 垃圾

VIR; 滥用 p.22
in order to 目的 是 ; 为 了 p.22
provide /pro'vaid/ 提供 ; 供应 — p.22
anyway /eniweI/ adv. 而 且 ; MZ  p.22
depend /dtpend/v 依靠 ; 信赖 p.22
depend on 依靠 ;信赖 p.22
develop /divelop/v. 发 展 ; 壮大 p22
independence /mdrpendsns/

n. 独立 p.22
fairness /'feanos/, /'‘fernos/

刀 .公正 性 ; 合理 性 p.22
since /sins/ conj. 因为 ;既然

prep., conj. & ad 从 …… 以 后 ;

自 …… 以 来 p.22
neighbor /‘netba(r)/ (=neighbour)

n. 邻居 p.22
take care of 照顾 ; 处 理 p.22
ill /11/ adj. 有 病 ;， 不 舒服 p.22

drop /drop/, /dra:p/ v.34 F; 掉 下 p.22
independent /1ndi'pendont/
adj. 独立 的 ; 自主 的 p.22
fair /fea/, /fer/ a 丰 合理 的 ; 公正 的 p.24
unfair /Anfea/ /Anfer/
adj. 不 合理 的 ; 不 公正 的 p.24

Sandy /'seendi/ 桑 迪 ( 女 名 ) p21

Deeeccccccccccccccscccsccccccsccccscocs Words and Expressions in Each Unit。.。。。。。。。。。。，

Unit 4
allow /o'lau/ v. 人 允许; 准许 p.2S
wrong /ron/, /ro:1/

adj. 有 毛病 ; 错误 的 p.25
Whats wrong? 哪儿 不 舒服 ? P.25S
look through 快速 查看 ; 浏览 p.26
guess /ges/ 猜测 ; 估计 p.26
deal /di:1/ n. Hi; 交易 p.26
big deal 重要 的 事 P.26
work out 成 功 地 发 展 ; 解决 p.26
get on with 和 了 睦 相处 ; 关系 良好 p.27
relation /rilerfn/

NKR; 联系 ; 交往 p.27
communication /kamju:nrke1fn/

n. 交流 ; 沟通 p.27
argue /‘a:(r)gju:/v. Hub; 争论 p.27
cloud /klaud/n.&; BE p.27
elder /‘elda(r)/ a 丰 年 纪 较 长 的 p.27
instead /msted/

adv. RE; 反而 ; 却 p.27
whatever /wpteve/ /wa:tevor/

pron. {£4n] ; 每 一 p.27
nervous /'n3:(r)vas/

adj. 焦虑 的 ; 担忧 的 p.27
offer /'pfa/, /‘a:far/

v. 主动 提出 ; 自愿 给 予 p.27
proper /'propo/, /'pra:por/

adj. 正确 的 ; 恰当 的 P27

secondly /sekendli/ ad 第 二 ; 其 次 p.27
communicate /ka'mju:nikeit/

V. 20%; 沟通 p.27
explain /1k'splein/ v. 解释 ; 说 明 = -p.27
clear /klia/, /klir/

adj. 清楚 易 懂 的 ;晴朗 的 p.27

117)
copy /kppi/ /ka:pi/ v. 722; 模仿 ;

复制 ; 复印 p.28
return /ri'ts:(r)n/
vA; 回来 ; 返回 p.28

anymore /ni'mo:(r)/

adv. ( 常用 于 否定 句 和 疑问 句 末 )

再 也 (不 ); (不 ) 再 P.28
member /membas(r)/ 1. 成 员 ; 分 子 p.29

pressure /'prefa(r)/ 1. 压力 p.29
compete /kom|pi:t/ v. 3&4; Xt p.29
opinion /a'pinjon/

1. 意见 ; 想法 ; 看 法 p.30
skill /skil/ %. 技 艺 ; 技巧 p.30
typical /'trprkl/ adj. 典型 的 p.30

football /'futbo:l/ n. (美式 ) 橄榄 球 ;

足球 p.30
cut out 删除 ; 删 去 p.30
quick /kwik/ adj. thay; 迅速 的 ;

时 间 短 暂 的 p.30
continue /kon'tinju:/

忆 持 续 ; 继续 存在 p.30
compare /kom'peo/, /kam'per/

v. 比较 p.30
compare ... with 比较 ; 对 比 p.30
crazy /kreIZi/

adj. 不 理智 的 ; 疯狂 的 p.30
push /puf/ v. 鞭策; 督促 ;推动 p.30
development /di'velopmont/

n. Behe; 发 育 ; 成 长 p.30
cause /ko:z/ v. th; 引起 p.30
usual /ju:zuol/ adj. 通常 的 ;寻常 的 p.31
in one’s opinion 依 …… 看 P.32
perhaps /po(r)heps/

adv. 可 能 ; 大 概 ; 也 许 p.32

A118)

eccccccccccceeWords and Expressions in Each Unitssccccccccccccccccccccccccccscccccccen.

Cathy /ka6i/ See ( 女 名 ) p.30
Taylor /'tetlo(r)/ 泰勒 ( 姓 ) p.30
Unit 5
rainstorm /rernsto:(r)m/ n. UA p.33
alarm /a'la:(r)m/ n. ji] #t p.34
go off ( 闹钟 ) 发 出 响声 p.34
begin /br'gin/ v. (began /br'gen/)

开始 p.34
heavily /hevili/

adv. 在 很 大 程度 上 ; 大 量 地 p.34

suddenly /'sadonli/ adv. 突然 ; 忽然 p.34
pick up ( =pickup the phone ) 接 电话 p.34
strange /streind3/

adj. 49H); 奇怪 的 p.34
storm /sto:(r)m/ n. 暴风 十 p.35
wind /wind/ n. JX p.35
light /lart/n.36; 光线 ; 光亮 p.35

report /ri'po:(r)t/v. & n. FRI; 公布 p.35
area /‘earia/, /‘eria/n. disk; 地 区  p.35

wood /wud/n. A; 木头 p.35
window /‘windsu/ n. #; 窗户 P.35
flashlight /faeflart/

n. FH fe]; 火炬 p.3S
match /maetf/ n. 4 p.35

beat /bi't/ (beat /bi:t/) &IT; 打败 p.35
against /o'genst/ prep. fay; tik; 撞 。 p.35

asleep /o'sli:p/ adj. 睡 着 p.3S
fall asleep 进入 梦乡 ; 睡 着 RS5
die down 逐渐 变 弱 ; 逐渐 消失 p.35
rise /raiz/ v. (rose /rouz/)

&n Fie; HM; 提高 p.35
fallen /‘fo:lon/ adj. 8) Fi; HFA p.35
apart /o'pa:(r)t/ adv. 分 离 ; IF —p.3S
have a look 看 一 看 P.36
icy /arsi/ adj. 覆盖 着 冰 的 ; UH p36
kid /krd/v 开玩笑 ; 欺骗 p.36
realize /‘rislaiz/, /‘ri:alaiz/

v. SB; 领会， 认识 到 p.37
make one’s way 前 往 ; 费力 地 前 进 。 p.37
passage /'pesid3/n. 章节; 段落 p.38
pupil /pju:pl/ 7 学 生 p.38
completely /kom'pli:tli/

adv. 彻底 地 ; 完全 地 P.38
shocked /fpkt/ /fa:kt/

adj. HSH; SEAR p.38
silence /'satlons/

刀 .沉默 ; BURR; FORA P.38
in silence 沉默 ;无声 P.38
recently /ri'sntli/ adv. 不 久 前 ; HIT p.38
take down 拆除 ; 往 下 搜 ;记录 p.38
terrorist /‘terorist/

n. Rei ER aD p.38
date /deit/n. H#W; AF p.38
tower /taus(T)/ 1. 塔 ;塔楼 p.38
at first 首先 ; 最 初 P.38
truth /tru:6/ 寻 实情 ; 事实 p.39
Allen /‘elan/ 艾 伦 ( 姓 ) p.38
Martin /‘ma:(r)tin/ Luther/'lu:@a(r)/

King /kin/ 马丁 .路 德 . 金 p.38
Alabama /lo'bemo/

亚 拉巴 马 州 ( 美 国 ) p.35
Animal Helpline /‘helplarn/

动物 保护 热线 p.37
World Trade /treid/ Center

世贸 大 楼 (美国 纽约 ) p.38

SO eccccccccccccccccccscccoccccsssosooe Words and Expressions in Each Unit。.。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

Unit 6
shoot /fu:t/ v. (shot /Sot/, /Sa:t/)

射击 ; 发 射 p.41
stone /stsun/ 17. 石头 Pp.41
weak /wi:k/ adfj. 虚 弱 的 ; FAW p.42

god/gpd/, /ga:d/ n. #1; 上 帝 (God )p.42
remind /ri'maind/ v. 提醒 ; 使 想起 p.42
bit /brt/ 14. 一 点 ; 小 块 p.42
alittle bit 有 点 儿 ;， 稍微 p.42
silly /'stli/ adj. BAW); 不 明 事理 的 p.42

instead of 代替 ; 反而 p.42
turn ... into 变 成 p.43
object /pbd5ikt/ /‘a:bd31kt/

n. vk; 物品 p.43

hide /haid/ v. (hid /hid/) Basel; Baie p.43

tail /terl/n. 2E p.43
magic /'mad31k/

adj. 有 魔力 的 ， 有 神奇 力量 的 P.43
stick /stik/n.#i; 条 p.43
excite /ik'sait/ v. (YK; (OAT  p.43
Western /‘westa(r)n/

adj. 西方 国家 的 ; ( 尤 指 ) 欧美 的 ;

西方 的 (w 可 以 小 写 ) p.43
once upon /sppn/ /o'pa:n/ a time

从 前 p.44

stepsister /stepsisto(r)/n. 继 姐 ( 妹 ) p.44

prince /prins/ n. 王子 p.44
fall in love 爱 上 ;喜欢 上 p.44
fit /fit/ u.iiA@; & p.44
couple /‘kapl/n.( td ) KE; 两 人 ;
两 件 事物 p.44
smile /smail/v. & n.%; 微笑 p.44
marry /‘meri/ v. 4548 p.44
get married 结婚 p.44

@®
vecceccccecseeeWords and Expressions in Each Unitessscccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccce

gold /gasuld/ 7 金子 ; 金币 Cinderella /smdarela 作 《 灰 姑 娘 》 。p.46
ady. 27 Feith p4S Little Red Riding Hood /hud/
emperor /‘empora(r)/ n. 27% p.45 《小 红 帽 》 p.46
silk /silk/ n. 229%; 222%) p-45 Hansel /‘hens|/ and Gretel /'gretl/
underwear /‘andaweo/, /‘andorwer/ 《 韩 塞 尔 与 葛 雷 特 》(《 糖 果 屋 》) p46
九 内 衣 p.4s
nobody /‘noubadi/ pron. 没有 人 Unit 7
n. WD p45 square /skwea/, /skwer/
stupid /'stju:pid/, /'stu:pid/ nF; 正方 形 p.49
adj. 愚蠢 的 p.45 meter /'mi:to(r)/(=metre)
cheat /tfit/ v. 4m; S25 nok; AR p49
n. 骗子 p.45 deep /di:p/ adj. 深 的 ; 纵深 的 p.49
stepmother /'stepmado(r)/ 1. 4kAE p.46 desert /‘deza(r)t/ n. wis p.49
wife /waif/n.#F; 太太 p46 = population /pppjulerfn/，
husband /hazbond/ n. 丈夫 p.46 /pa:pjullerfn/n. AO;
whole /houl/ adj. #61; SIKH — p.46 人 口 数 量 p.50
scene /si:n/ Asia /'e139/, /‘e1fa/ n. 123M p.S0
n. 戏剧 或 歌剧 的 ) 场 ; 场景 p-46 feel free ( 可以) 随便 ( 做 某 事 ) p.50
moonlight /‘mu:nlait/ n. 43 p46 tour /tua/, /tur/n. & v. {Ts 旅游 p.S0
shine /fain/ v. (shone /fon/) tourist /‘tuorist/, /‘turist/
发 光 ; FRE p.46 九 .旅行 者 ; 观光 者 p.S0
bright /brart/ adv. 光亮 地 ; 明亮 地 wall /wo:l/ n. 3% p.50
adj. 明亮 的 ; 光线 充足 的 p46 = amazing /o'meizin/ adj. AK
ground /graund/ n. 地; 地 面 p.47 惊奇 的 ; 令 人 惊喜 ( 或 惊叹 ) 的 p.SO
lead /li:d/ v. (led /led/) 带 路 ; 领路 p.47 ancient /ermnfant/
voice /vorIs/ 1 声音 p.47 4a 丰 古代 的 ; 古老 的 p.S0

brave /breiv/ adj. 勇敢 的 ; HLA p47 protect /pra'tekt/ v. 保护 ; 防护 P.50
wide /ward/ adj. 宽 的 ; 宽阔 的 p.S0

Claudia /‘klo:dia/, /‘klaudia/ as far as I know 就 我 所 知 p.S0
克 劳 迪 娅 ( 女 名 ) p-42 man-made /men'merd/ adj. 人 造 的 p.50
achievement /atfivmaent/
Journey to the West《 西 游记 》 p41 刀 .成 就 ; 成 绩 P.S1
the Monkey King /kin/ 美 猴 王 p.43 southwestern /,sau0'westa(r)n/
Sleeping Beauty /"bju:ti/( FEA.) —p.46 adj. FERS; 西南 方向 的 P.S1

1120)
thick /O1k/ adj. JEN; wen p.Sl
include /mklu:d/ 包括 ; 包含 P.S1
freezing /‘fri:zm/ adj. RH; 冰冻 的 P.51
condition /kan'difn/n. Af; 状况 p.S1
take in RA; 吞 人 (体内 ) p51
succeed /sok'si:d/ v. ILA ti; 成 功 p.S1
challenge /'tfaelmd3/

色狼 四. 挑战; 考验 p-S1
in the face of 面 对 ( 问题、 困难 等 ) p.S1
achieve /etfiv/yv 达到 ; 完成 ; 成 功 p.S1
force /fo:(T)s/ 12. 力 ; 力量 P.S1
nature /‘neitfo(r)/n. 自然 界 ; 大 自然 p.S1
even though (=even if) 即使; 虽然。 p.S1
ocean /sufn/ 7. 大 海 ; 海洋 p.S2
the Pacific /po'sifik/ Ocean 太平 洋 _p.S2
cm (=centimeter/centimetre)

/'sentimi:ta(r)/ 厘米 p-53
weigh /weI/Y 重 量 是 …… ;

称 ……' 的 重量 p.53
birth /b3:(r)6/ n. HAE; 诞生 p.53
at birth 出 生 时 p.53
up to 到 达 ( 某 数量 、 程 度 等 );

至 多 有 ; 不 多 于 p.S3
adult /adAlt/ /a'dalt/

adj. 成 年 的 ; 成 人 的

nA; 成 年 动物 Pp.53
bamboo /bem'bu:/ n. 77 p.54
endangered /1n'deind3a(r)d/

adj. BASE A p-54
research /ri's3:(r)tf/

n.& vi E; 调查 (用 作 名 词 时 ，

重音 可 放 在 第 一 个 音节 ) P.54

keeper /ki'ps(D/ 刀 饲养 员 ; 保管 人 p.S4
awake /a'weik/ adj. 醒 着 p.54

De ccececcsccccccccccccscccccccscesscses Words and Expressions in Each Unit.。.。。.。。。。。。。。

excitement /1k'saitmont/

nN; 兴奋 p.S4
walk into 走路 时 撞 着 P.S4
fall over 绊 倒 p.54
or so KH P.S4
illness /Tinss/ 1. 疾病 ;， 病 P.54
wild /waild/ adj. 野生 的 P.54
government /gAvs(T)nmaent/

n. BUN; AVA p.S4
whale /weil/ n. fii P.55
oil /oul/ nth; 食用 油 ; 石油 P.55

protection /pro'tek{n/n. (24; 保卫 p.55
huge /hju:d3/ adj. BAM; MAN p.Ss

Tenzing /‘tenzin/ Norgay /nprgeI/

丹 增 .诺尔 盖 p-S1
Edmund /‘edmond/ Hillary /‘hilori/

埃 德 蒙 . 希拉 里 P.S1
Junko /'d3u:nkou/ Tabei /ta'ber/

田 部 井 淳 子 p.Sl
Qomolangma /'tfsumaula:nmo/

珠穆朗玛 峰 p.49
the Nile /narl/ 尼罗河 p.49
the Caspian /kespion/ Sea

里 海 p.49
the Sahara /soha:ro/ 撤 哈 拉 沙漠 —_p.49
the Yangtze /'jzntsi/ River KL. p.50
the Yellow River 黄河 p.50
the Ming Dynasty /‘dinasti/,

/‘dainasti/ 明 朝 p.50
the Ming Great Wall 明 长 城 p.50
the Himalayas /,himo'leraz/

喜马拉雅 山脉 p.Sl

@
veocccccccsccceeWords and Expressions in Each Unit..。..。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。o*。。。。。。。。。。，

the Amazon /‘emozon/, /‘'emoza:n/ band /beend/ n. REA p.61
River 亚 马 孙 河 p.52 country music( 也 作 country )

Chengdu Research Base /be1s/ 乡村 音乐 p.62
成 都 研究 基地 P.S4 forever /far'eva(r)/ ad 永远 p.62

abroad /a'bro:d/ adv. 在 国外 ; 到 国外 p.62

Unit 8 actually /aktfusli/

treasure /tre5s(T)/ 凡 珠宝 ; 财富 。 p.S7 adv. 真实 地 ; 事实 上 p.62

island /arland/ n. &% P.S7 ever since 自从 p.62

full of 满 是 …… 的 ;( 有 ) 大 量 的 ; fan /feen/n.vk; 狂热 爱好 者 p.62
(A) 丰富 的 了 .58 southern /'sada(r)n/ a 中 南方 的 p.62

classic /klaesrk/ 1. 经 典 作品 ; 42% p.S8 modern /mpdn/ /ma:dsrn/

page /peid3/ n.( 书刊 或 纸张 的 ) 页 ， adj. 现代 的 ; 当代 的 p.62
面 ， 张 p.S8 success /sok'ses/ n. RI) p.62

hurry /‘hari/v. 匆忙 ; 赶快 p.58 belong /brlpn/ /br'lo:n/

hurry up 赶快 ; atl (GES ) p.58 六 属于 ;归属 p.62

due /dju:/, /du:/ adj. #3}; Wize p58  oneanother 44H p.62

ship /Sip/ n. fi p59 laughter /‘la:fto/, /lafto(r)/

tool /tu:l/ n. 1A. p.59 n. Ry; 笑 声 p.62

gun /gan/n.#; 炮 p59 ”beauty /"bju:ti/n. 2; 美丽 p.62

mark /ma:(r)k/ 1. 迹象 ;， 记号; 分 数 million /miljon/ num. 一 百 万 p.62
v. fics; 打分 p59 record

sand /Sand/ 7. 沙滩 ; vb p.S9 /reko:d/, /rekard/ 0. 唱片 ; 记录

cannibal /kanibl/ 1. 食 人 肉 者 p-59 /tikoi(r)d/ v. Hil; 录 ( 音 ) p.62.

towards /to'wo:dz/, /to:rdz/ introduce /mtredju:s/ /mtredu':s/
prep. 朝 ; 向 ; 对 着 p-59 义 介绍 ; 引见 p.63

land /land/ n. filth; 大 地 p.59 line /lain/n. 47; HE p.64

fiction /'fikfn/ 7m. 小 说 p.60

science fiction 科幻 小 说 (或 影片 等 ) p.60 Alex /zleks/ 亚 历 克 斯 (AZ ) p.61

technology /tek'nvlod3i/, Garth /ga:(r)6/ Brooks /bruks/
/tekna:lsd35i/ 站 科技 ; 工艺 p.60 加 思 . 布鲁克 斯 p.62

French /frentS/ n. 318 p-60 The Beatles /bi'tlz/

pop /pop/; /pa:p/ 披 头 士 乐队 (英国 ) p.64
NTE ARs 流行 乐曲 p-61

rock /rpk/ /ra:k/ 1. 摇滚 乐 p-61 Treasure Island ( 44% ) P.S7

@
pe eerccrccccsescvcsccccscccsccccsessees Words and Expressions in Each Unit。。。。。。。。。。。。。

Alice in Wonderland /‘wanda(r)lend/ rapid /‘repid/ adj. 迅速 的 ; TREN p.67
《爱丽 丝 梦 游 仙境 》 p.S7 unusual /an'ju:zuol/
Little Women (/)\t A.) p.S7 adj. 45509; 不 寻常 的 p.67
Oliver /‘vpliva(r)/, /‘a:lrva(r)/ Twist toilet /torlat/ 7. 坐 便器 ; 厕所 p.67
/twist/《 雾 都 孤儿 》 P.37 encourage /in'karid3/, /in'ks:r1d3/
Robinson Crusoe /"kru:sou/ 六 鼓励 p.67
《和 鲁 滨 逊 漂流 记 》 p-57 social /'souf1/ a 丰 .社会 的 p.67
Tom Sawyer /'so:jo(r)/ peaceful /'pi:sfl/
《汤姆 . 索 亚 历险 记 》 ES7 adj. 和 平 的 ; 安宁 的 p.67
Harry Potter /‘pota(r)/, /‘pa:tar/ tea art 茶艺 p.67
《 哈 利 . 波 特 》 p-60 performance /pa(r)fo:(r)mans/
n. 表演 ; 演出 p.67
Nashville /nafvIl/ perfect /'p3:(r)fikt/
纳什 维尔 ( 美国 田纳西 州 府 ) p.62 adj. 56H; 完全 的 p.67
Tennessee /,teno'si:/ tea set AA p.67
田纳西 州 (美国 ) p.62 itself /1t'self/ jprom.( 刘 的 反 身 代词 )
Country Music Hall of Fame /ferm/ 它 自己 p.67
Museum 乡村 音乐 名 人 堂 博物 馆 p.62 collect /kallekt/ v. 收集 ; 采集 p.67
a couple of 两 个 ; 一 对 ; 几 个 p.68
Unit 9 German /'d39:(r)moan/
amusement /amju:zmaent/ adj. 德国 的 ; 德语 的 ; 德国 人 的
NWR; 游戏 p.65 九 德 语 ; 德国 人 p.68
amusement park 游 乐 场 p.65 theme /@i:m/ 1. 主题 p.68
somewhere /'samwea/, /'‘samwer/ ride /raid/ n. 供 乘 骑 的 游乐 设施 ;
adv. 在 某 处 ; 到 某 处 p.65 短途 旅程 p.68
camera /'keemoro/ province /'provins/, /‘pra:vins/
ne 照相 机 ; 摄影 机 ， 摄像 机 p.66 n. 省份 p.68
invention /mn'venfn/ n. 发 明 ; thousand /9auznd/ num. —+F- p.70
发 明 物 p66 thousands of 数 以 千 计 的 ; 许 许 多 多 的 p.70
invent /in'vent/ v. AH; 创造 p-67 onthe one hand... on the other hand...
unbelievable /Anbrli:vebl/ Fi Wh Fi Tl p-70
adj. 难以 置信 的 ;不 真实 的 p67 ”safe /Serf/ adj. Ki; 无 危险 的 p.70
progress /'prougres/, /pra:gres/ simply /‘simpli/ adv. 仅仅 ; A; 不 过 p.70
v & ne; 进展 p67 fear /fre/ /fir/v &n.#t; HH p.70

4123)
whether /'we6a(r)/ conj. 不 管 ……
(还 是 ); 或 者 …… (或 者 ); 是 否 p.70
Indian /mdisny adj. ENE AY

n. EEA p.70
Japanese /,d3zpo'ni:z/

adj. HAW; 日 本 人 的 ; 日 语 的

刀 .日 本 人 ;日 语 p.70
fox /foks/, /fa:ks/ n. 狐狸 p.70
all year round 全 年 p.70
equator /kweita(r)/ 1. 赤道 p.70

whenever /wen'eva(r)/

conj. FEAT AR ++ AIT; 无 论 何 时 p.70
spring /SPprID/ 17. 春 天 p-70
mostly /‘moustli/ adv. 主要 地 ; 通常 p.71
location /lasukerfny/ 71. 地 点 ; 位 置 “”Pp.71

National /‘neJnol/ Science Museum
国家 科学 博物 馆
International /mta(r)nzfnol/

p-65

Museum of Toilets
国际 厕所 博物 馆
Hangzhou National Tea Museum
杭州 国家 茶 博物 馆
Donald /dpnsld/, /'da:nold/ Duck
唐 老 鸭 p.68
Disneyland /'dizniland/ 迪斯尼 乐园 p.68
Disney Cruise /kru:z/ 迪斯尼 游轮 p.68
the Terracotta /tera'kpta/,

p.67

p.67

/terakka:to/ Army 兵马俑 p.69
the Bird’s Nest/nest/ % p.69
Singapore /smyo'pox(r)/, /Smapo:(T)/

新 加 坡 p-70
Southeast Asia 东南 亚 p.70

Night Safari /so'fa:ri/ 夜间 野生 动物 园 p.70

1244

seeoeeeseeeeessWords and Expressions in Each Unit..。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

Unit 10

yard /ja:(T)d/ n. 院子 p.73
yard sale 庭 院 拍卖 会 p.73
sweet /swi:t/ adj. fH; 甜 的 ;

含 糖 的 p.73
memory /'memori/ n.jctZ; 回忆 p.73
cent /sent/n. 4}; 分 币 p.73
toy /tor/ n. 5A p.74
bear /bea/, /ber/ n. fe p.74
maker /'meiko(r)/

九 生产 者 ; 制订 者 p.74
bread maker 面包 机 p.74

scarf /ska:(r)f/n. fA; 披 巾 ;头巾 p.74
soft /spft/, /so:ft/ adj. #iy; 柔软 的 p.74

soft toy 软体 玩具 ;， 布 绒 玩 具 p.74
check /tfek/v. & n. feet; 审查 p.74
check out RA; WH p.74
board /bo:(r)d/ n. HR; 木板 p.74
board game 棋 类 游戏 P.74

junior /'d3u:nia(r)/
adj. 地 位 〈 或 职位 、 级 别 ) 低下 的 p.75

junior high school 初级 中 学 P.75
clear /klre/ /klir/ v. 清理 ; 清除 ”Pp.7S
clear out 清理 ; 丢掉 p.75
bedroom /bedru:my 17. 卧室 p.75
no longer Ai; 不 复 p.75
own /sun/ 拥有 ; 有 p.75
railway /‘retlwe1/ 1. 铁 路; 铁道 p.75
part /pa:(r)t/ v. BF; 分 开 p.75

part with 放弃 、 交 出 〈 尤 指 不 舍得 的

东西 ) p.75
certain /'s3:(r)tn/

adj. 某 种 ; HAE; HEA p.75
as for 至 于 ; 关于 p.75
pe ercccccccccccccccccccccccccccscssosoe Words and Expressions in Each Unit..。。。。。。。。。。。，

honest /pnist/, /‘a:nist/ regard /ri'ga:(r)d/ v. +--+ 认为 ;

adj. 诚实 的 ; 老实 的 P.75 把 …… 视 为 ; 看 待 p.78
to be honest 说 实在 的 p-7S count /kaunt/ v. 数 数 p.78
while /wall/ 7 一 段 时 间 ; —ZJL  p.75 century /sentfari/ 风 .百年 ; 世纪 p.78
truthful /'tru:6f1/ according /a'ko:(r)din/ to 依据 ; 按照 p.78

adj. 诚实 的 ; 真实 的 p.75 opposite /ppazit/ /‘a:pozat/
hometown /‘houmtaun/ prep. 与 …… 相 对 ;在 …… 对 面 p.78

NARS; 故乡 p.76 adj. 对 面 的 ; 另 一 边 的 p.78
nowadays /‘navedeiz/ especially /1'spefoali/

adv. 现今 ; 现在 ; 目前 p.78 adv. 尤其; 特别 ;格外 p.78
search /s3:(r)tf/v. & n.j8%; 搜查 p.78 childhood /tfaildhud/ n. 童年 ; 幼年 p78
among /smAD/ consider /kon'sido(r)/

prep. fe (AL) By ve = p.78 尺 注 视 ; 仔细 考虑 p.79
crayon /‘kreran/ n. #2 45% close to 几乎 ; 接近 p.79

〈 或 粉笔 、 蜡 笔 ) p78 hold /hould/ v. (held /held/, held)
shame /ferm/n. 3k; 郑 愧 ; M712 p.78 拥有 ; TUE p-79
veccscccccccee Vocabulary Index" ee

Vocabulary Index

CE: 在 本 词 表 中 ,重点 词汇 用 黑体 标 出 。
在 英 式 发 音 和 美式 发 音 有 区 别 时 ， 英 式 发 音 在 前 ， 美 式 发 音 在 后 。 )

A
a couple of 两 个 ; 一 对 ; 几 个 p.68
alittle bit 有 点 儿 ; 稍微 p.42

abroad /astbro:d/ adv. 在 国外 ; 到 国外 p.62
accident /‘eksidont/ n.( 交通 ) 事故 ;

意外 遭遇 p.6
according /o'ko:(r)din/ to 依据 ; #58 p.78
achieve /a'tfi:v/ v.i5F); 完成 ;成功 p.S1
achievement /atfi'vmaent/

n. 成 就 ; 成 绩 p-S1
actually /‘ektfuoli/

adv. 真实 地 ;事实 上 p.62
adult /‘edalt/, /adAlt/

adj. 成 年 的 ; 成 人 的

nA; 成 年 动物 p.53
against /o'genst/ prep. fay; 碰 ; 撞 。 P.35
alarm /o'la:(r)m/ n. |i) ## p.34
all the time 频繁 ; 反复 p.l9
all year round 全 年 p-70
allow /o'lau/ v. 允许 ; 准许 p.25
alone /o'loun/ adv. fh A; 单独 p.12
amazing /o'merzin/ adj. 令 人 大 为

惊奇 的 ; 令 人 惊喜 ( 或 惊叹 ) 的 p.S0
among /smAD/

prep. te (FE) 中 ; …… ma p.78
amusement /o'mju:zmont/

1. 娱乐 ; 游戏 p.65
amusement park 游乐 场 p-65

1126)

ancient /‘emfont/ a 丰 古代 的 ; 古老 的 p.S0
anymore /ni'mo:(r)/

adv. ( 常用 于 否定 句 和 疑问 句 末 )

再 也 (不 ); (不 ) 再 p.28
anyway /eniweI/ adv. 而 且 ; NZ  p.22
apart /o'pa:(r)t/ adv. 分 离 ; 分 开 = p.3S
area /‘eoria/, /eris/ n. 地域; 地 区 p.35
argue /‘a:(r)gju:/v. Hub; 争论 p.27
as far as I know 就 我 所 知 p.50
as for 至 于 ; 关于 p.75
AS SOOM AS 二 就 p.19
Asia /'e139/, /‘e1fa/ .亚洲 p.50
asleep /o'sli:p/ adj. 睡 着 p.35
at birth 出 生 时 p-53
at first 首先 ; 最 初 p.38
awake /o'weik/ adj. 醒 着 p.54
B
bamboo /bem'bu:/ 17. 竹子 p.54
band /beend/ n. REA p.61
bandage /"baeendid3/ n. 4 iff

六 用 绷带 包扎 ps
be in control of 掌管 ; 管理 p-6

be used to 习惯 于 …… 3 sel sats p.6
bear /bea/, /ber/ n. f& p.74
beat /bi:t/ v.( beat /bi't/ ) 敲打 ; 打败 p.35
beauty /"bju:ti/n. 2; 美丽 p.62
bedroom /"bedru:m/ n. 卧室 p.75
begin /br'gin/ v. (began /brgan/)

开始 p.34
belong /brlpn/ /br'lo:n/

vj; 归属 p-62
big deal 重要 的 事 p.26
birth /bs:(T)6/ 1. 出 生 ; 诞生 p-53
bit /brt/ 1. 一 点 ; 小 块 p.42
blind /blaind/ adj. EAS; 失明 的 p.14
blood /blad/ n. ffi. p.6
board /bo:(r)d/ n. He; 木板 p.74
board game 棋 类 游戏 p.74

borrow /bpreu/ /ba:rau/v. fi; 借用 p20

brave /breiv/ adj. 勇敢 的 ; FAY p.47
bread maker 面包 机 p.74
break /breik/ n. 间歇 ; 休息 p.2
breathe /bri:6/ v. Wf p.6
bright /brart/ adv. 光亮 地 ;明亮 地

adj. 明亮 的 光线 充 足 的 p.46
broken /'broukon/

adj. 破损 的 ; 残缺 的 p.13
Cc
call up 打 电 话 给 ( 某 人 ); 征召 p.10
camera /'keemoaro/

n. 照相 机 ， 摄影 机 ; 摄像 机 p.66
cannibal /‘kenibl/n. f@ AA p59
care for 照顾 ; 非常 喜欢 p-10
carry /‘keri/v.@; $2; 4. p.14
cause /ko:z/ v. At; 引起 p.30
cent /sent/n.4}; 分 币 p.73
century /‘sentfari/n. 百年 ; 世纪 p.78

certain /ss:(r)tn/ adj. HAR; 某 事 ; HEA p75
challenge /tfeelind3/v. & n. HER; 考验 p.S1
change /tfemnd3/ v. & n. 4b; 改变 p.14

Pesceccccceccecccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccscoces eVOCabulary INndexs+ssessescees:

cheat /tfit/ 7 欺骗 ;蒙骗

n. 骗子 p.45
check /tfek/v. & n.titt; HA .p.74
check out 察 看 ;观察 p.74

cheer /tf1a/, /tfir/ 欢呼; 喝彩 p.9
cheer up (使 ) 变 得 更 高 兴 ; 振奋 起 来 p.9
childhood /'tfaildhud/ n. 童年 ; 幼年 p.78
chore /tfox(r)/ n. 3&4; 乏味 无 聊 的

LE p.20
classic /klaesIk/ 1. 经 典 作品 ; 42 p.S8
clean up 打扫 (或 清除 ) 干净 P.9
clear /klia/, /klir/

adj, 清楚 易 懂 的 ;晴朗 的 p.27
clear /klre/ /klrr/ 清理; 清除 ” Pp.75
clear out 清理 ; 丢掉 P.75

clever /‘klevo(r)/ a 丰 聪明 的 ;聪颖 的 p.14
climber /klaima(r)/n. 登山 者 ; 攀登 者 p.6

close to JL; 接近 p.79
cloud /klaud/n.&; AE p.27
cm (=centimeter/centimetre)

/'sentimi:ta(r)/ 厘米 p.53
collect /ka'lekt/ v. 收集 ; 采集 p.67
come up with 想 出 ; 提出

(主意 、 计 划 、 回 答 等 ) p.10
communicate /ko'mju:nikeit/

v.08; 沟通 p.27
communication /ka,mju:nike1fn/

ne 交流 ; 沟通 p.27

compare /kempes/ /kam\per/ v. 比较 p.30

compare ... with 比较 ; 对 比 p-30
compete /kempi't/ v.34; 对 抗 。p.29
completely /kom'pli:tli/

adv. 彻底 地 ; 完全 地 p.38

condition /kan'difn/n. Aff; 状况 p.S1

4127)
consider /kon'sida(r)/

vite; FFANAe IE p.79
continue /ksntmju:/v 持 续 ; 继续 存在 p30
control /kon'traul/

n. & v. PRG; 约束 ; 管理 p.6
copy /kppi/ /‘ka:pi/ v. 抄袭 ; 模仿 ;

复制 ; 复印 p.28
cough /kpf/, /ko:f/ n. & v. oR p.2

count /kaunt/ v. HR p.78
country music ( 也 作 country )

乡村 音乐 p.62
couple /‘kapl/ 1.( 尤 指 ) 夫妻 ; 两 人 ;

两 件 事物 p.44
crayon /‘kretan/ 7. 彩色 铅笔

(BOE. HEE) p.78
crazy /‘kreizi/ adj. AEH; 疯狂 的 p.30
cut off 切除 p.6
cut out 删除 ; 删 去 p.30
D
date /dert/ 7. 日 期 ; AF p.38
deaf /def/ adj. #21) p.14
deal /di:l/ n. Psi; 交易 p.26

death /de@/n. 30; 死亡 p.6
decision /di'si3n/n. BRE; 抉择 p.6

deep /di:p/ adj. 深 的 ; 纵深 的 p.49
depend /dipend/ v. 依靠 ;信赖 p.22
depend on 依靠 ;信赖 p.22
desert /'deza(r)t/ n. 沙漠 p.49
develop /di'velop/v. 发展 ; 壮大 = p.22
development /di'velopmont/

n. BR; 发 育 ; 成 长 p.30
die down 逐渐 变 弱 ; 逐渐 消失 p.35

difficulty /‘diftkolti/ n. 困难 ; 难题 p.14

<

，e。。。。。。。。。。。。Vocabulary Indexesssesserccsccsccecccccccccccccccscccccccccccccccccccces

disabled /drseibld/ adj. 丧失 能 力 的 ;

有 残疾 的 P.14
door /do:(r)/n. iJ p.14
drop /drop/, /dra:p/ v.38 F; 掉 下 p.22

due /dju:/, /du:/ adj. 31; 预定 p.58
E
elder /‘elda(r)/ adj. 年 纪 较 长 的 p.27
emperor /‘empora(r)/ n. 皇帝 p45
encourage /tn'karid3/, /1n'ka:r1d3/

鼓励 p.67
endangered /n'demd3a(r)d/ a 才 濒危 的 PS4
equator /Ikwerita(T)/ n. jpiti p.70
especially /1spefoli/ adv. tHE; FSI);

格外 p.78
even though (=even if) Bf; BY P.S1
ever since 自从 p.62
excite /ik'sait/ v. 使 激动 ; 使 兴奋  Pp.43

excited /ik'sartid/ adj. ahh; 兴奋 的 p.14

excitement /ik'sartmont/ n. 3X2;

兴奋 p.54
explain /1k'splein/ v. 解释 ; 说 明 —-p.27

F
fair /feo/, /fer/ a 丰 合理 的 ; 公正 的 p.24
fairness /‘feanas/, /‘fernos/

刀 .公正 性 ; 合理 性 p.22
fall asleep 进入 梦乡 ; HER p35
fallin love 爱 上 ; 喜欢 上 p.44
fallover 绊 倒 P.54
fallen /'fo:lon/ adj. 倒 下 的 ; 落下 的 _p.35
fan /faen/ 1%. 迷 ; 狂热 爱好 者 p.62
fear /fre/ /fir/ v.&n.#18; 惧怕 p.70
feel free (可 以 ) 随便 (做 某 事 ) p.50
Pisisieisisie'vie's 2ie'0/e e\e\eieieisieie 6/6 0'0,0)e'e's)einisie sin'e sieieie'e 66 8is)s esas sss Vocabulary, Index。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

feeling /fi:1m/ n. 感觉 ;感触 p-ll god/gpd/, /ga:d/ n. #1; 上 帝 (God )p.42
fever /'fi:va(r)/ n. RHE p.2 gold/gould/n e+; 金币
fiction /fkfny 2. 小 说 p.60 adj. 金色 的 p.45
finger /'finga(r)/ n. $48 p.20 government /‘gavo(r)nmont/
fit /fit/ .iaA; 合身 p.44 n. 政府 ; APA p.54
fix /fiks/ v. 修理; 安装 p.13 ground /graund/ n. Hh; 地 面 p.47
fix up 修理 ;装饰 p-13 guess /ges/ v. Sill; 估计 p.26
flashlight /‘fleeflart/n. FH fe}; 火炬 p.35 gun /gan/n.te; 炮 p.59
floor /flo:(r)/ n. 4h AR p.17
fold /fould/ v. #r#; 对 折 p17 H
foot /fut/ n. jl; 足 p-l hand out 分 发 p.10
football /'futbo:1/ n.( 美式 ) 橄榄 球 ; hate /hert/ v 厌恶; 讨厌 p.20
足球 p.30 ”have a cold 感冒 p.l
force /fo:(r)s/n. 3; 力量 p51 havea fever 发 烧 p.2
forever /far'eva(r)/ adv. 永远 p62 havealook#—# p.36
fox /foks/, /fa:ks/ n. 狐狸 p.70 have astomachache 胃痛 p.l
freezing /‘fri:zm/ adj. SH); 冰冻 的 p.S1 headache /‘hedetk/ n. 4% p.2
French /frentfy 1. 法 语 p-60 heavily /‘hevili/ adv. 在 很 大 程度 上 ;
full of 满 是 …… 的 ;( 有 ) 大 量 的 ; 大 量 地 p.34
(有 ) 丰富 的 p.58 _ herself /hs:(r)'self/
prom.( she 的 反 身 代词 ) 她 自己 p4
hide /hard/v (hid /hrd/) 隐 藏 隐 项 p.43
German /d5as:(TD)maeny/ hit /hit/ v. (hit /hit/) ( 用 手 或 器 具 )
adj. 德国 的 ; 德语 的 ; 德国 人 的 击 ; 打 p3
n. fie; 德国 人 p-68 hold /hould/ v. (held /held/, held)
getinto iA; BY p.3 拥有 ; 抓 住 Pp.79
get married 结婚 p44 hometown /houmtaun/n. KS; 故乡 p.76
get off F p-3 honest /‘pnist/, /‘a:nist/
get on with 和 睦 相 处 ; KAR p27 adj. SH; 老实 的 P.75
get out of 离开 ， 从 …… 出 来 p-6 huge /hju:d3/ adj. RAW; MEW pss
give away 赠送 ; 捐赠 p.13 hurry /hAri/v 匆忙; 赶快 p.58
give out 分 发 ;散发 p9 ”hurryup 赶 快 ; 急忙 (做 某 事 ) p.58
give up 放弃 p-7 hurt /hs:(r)t/ v. (hurt /hs:(r)t/)
go off ( 闹钟 ) 发 出 响声 p.34 (使 ) 疼痛 ; 受伤 p.2

1129)
husband /"hazband/ n. 丈夫 p.46
I

icy /arsi/ adj. 覆盖 着 冰 的 ; UKE p.36
ill /LV adj. 有 病 ; 不 舒服 p.22
illness /‘IInos/ n. PEI; Hi p.S4
imagine /i'med3in/v. 想象 ; WA P.14

importance /imipo:(r)tns/n. FEE; HE p6

in one’s opinion 依 …… 看 p.32
in order to 目的 是 ;为 了 p.22
in silence 沉默 ;无 声 p.38

in the face of 面 对 (问题 、 困 难 等 ) p.S1
include /in'klu:d/ v. 包括; 包含 p-S1
independence /indipendons/ 六 独立 p.22
independent /mdrpendent/

adj. 独立 的 ; 自主 的 p.22
Indian /mdisn/ a 丰 .印度 的
n. 印度 人 p.70

instead /msted/ adv. {t#; 反而 ; 却 p.27

instead of 代替 ; 反而 p.42
interest /'Introst/ n. 兴趣 ; 关注

尺 使 感 兴趣 ; 使 关注 p.16
introduce /imtredju:s/ /ntra'du:s/

勾 介绍 ; 引见 p.63
invent /in'vent/ v. RAH; 创造 p.67

invention /in'venfn/n. ZH; 发 明 物 p.66

island /‘atlond/ n. {% p.57
itself /1t'self/ pron.( it H/2-S4(Cial )

它 自 己 p.67
f
Japanese /d3zpo'ni:z/

adj. HAH; 日 本 人 的 ; 日 语 的

n HARA; 日语 p.70

1130)

。。。。。。。。。。。。。VOcabulary Indexe+ssssssesrecccceccccccccccscccccccccccccccscccccccccees

journey /'d33:(r)ni/

n.( THR ) 旅行 ;行程 p.ll
joy /dsory n. 3%; 愉快 pil
junior /‘dgu:nia(r)/

adj. $o4ir (或 职位 、 级 别 ) 低下 的 p.75
junior high school 初级 中 学 p75
K

keeper /‘ki:po(r)/n. fale; (RA p.S4

kid /krd/ 开玩笑 ;欺骗 p.36
kilo /‘ki:lou/ (= kilogram)

刀 .千克 ; 公斤 p.6
kindness /‘kaindnas/ n. {=24; 善良 p.14
knee /ni:/n. 膝 ;， 膝盖 ps

knife /narf/n. (pl. knives /natvz/) J] p.6

L

land /lend/ 1. 陆地 ; 大 地 Pp.S9
laughter /la:fto/, /laefta(r)/n.R; 笑 声 p.62
lead /li:d/ v. (led /led/) 带 路 ; 领路 p.47
lend /lend/v (ent /lent/) #44; 借 出 P.20

letter /‘leto(r)/n. ff; 函 P.14
lie /larv (lay /ler/) 躺 ; 平 躺 p.2
lie down 躺 下 p.2
light /lait/n. 3; 光线 ; 光亮 p.3S
line /lam/ 1.47; 排 p.64

location /lou'kerfn/ n. Hi; (72 p.71
lonely /‘lounli/ adj. 孤独 的 ; 寂寞 的 p.10
look through 快速 查看 ;浏览 p.26

M
madam /'medom/n.KA; 女士
(用 于 正式 信函 中 对 不 知名 的 女性
收 信人 的 称呼 时 ， 写 为 Madam ) p.16
magic /'mad31k/

adj. 有 魔力 的 ; 有 神奇 力量 的 p.43
make a difference 影 响 ， 有 作用 P.14
make one’s way 前 往 ; 费力 地 前 进 。 P.37

maker /‘metka(r)/ 1 生产 者 ; 制订 者 p.74
man-made /maen meId/ adj. 人 造 的 p.50
mark /ma:(Tr)k/ .迹象 ; 记号 ; 分 数

vids; 打分 P.S9
marry /'meri/ v. if p.44
match /metf/ n. K4 p.35

matter /‘meta(r)/ 7. 问题 ; 事情 pl
mean /mi:n/ v. (meant /ment/)

意思 是 ; 打算 ; 意欲 p.6
member /‘memboa(r)/ 1. 成 员 ;， 分子 p.29
memory /'memori/n.jc{Z; 回忆 p.73
mess /mes/ 7. 杂乱; 不 整洁 p.18
meter /‘mi:to(r)/(=metre) n. K; ZR p49
midnight /'midnait/ n. FRx; FR p.12

million /‘miljan/ num. 一 百 万 p.62
Miss /mis/ 7. 女士 ; 小 姐 p.14
modern /mpdn/ /‘ma:dorn/

adj. 现代 的 ; 当代 的 p.62
moonlight /‘mu:nlait/ n. 15 p-46

mostly /‘moustli/ adv. 主要 地 ; 通常 p.71

N
nature /‘neitfa(r)/n. 自然界 ; 大 自然 p.S1
neck /nek/ n. Si; 脖子 p.l

neighbor /‘netba(r)/ (=neighbour)

n. AB FG p.22
neither /nailaa/ /‘ni:da(r)/ adv. 也 不

pron. 两 者 都 不 p.19
nervous /'n3:(r)vas/

4 路 焦虑 的 ; 担忧 的 p.27

oe 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 Vocabulary Index。。。。。。。。。。。。。

no longer 不 再 ; 不 复 p-75
nobody /‘naubadi/ pron. 没有 人
1 小人物 P.45

nosebleed /nsuzbli:d/ n. tH if p.5
notice /‘noutis/ n. ii Hl; 通告 ; 注意

viERE); 意识 到 p.10
nowadays /‘navedeiz/

adv. 现今 ; 现在 ; 目前 p.78
nurse /n3:(r)s/ n. 护士 p.8
O
object /‘pbd3ikt/, /‘a:bd3rkt/

n. 物体 ; 物品 P.43
ocean /sufn/ .大 海 ; 海洋 p.52

off /vf/, /o:f/ adv. & prep. BFF ( 某 处 );

不 工作 ;从 …… 去 掉 p.3
offer /'pfa/, /‘a:far/

v. 主动 提出 ; 自愿 给 予 p.27
oil /oll/ nih; 食用 油 ; 石油 P.55
on the one hand... on the other hand...

SR Bo en p.70
once upon /sppn/ /a'pa:n/ a time

从 前 p.44
one another 互相 p.62

onto /pntu/ /a:ntu/ prep. ja]; FH p.3

open /‘supon/ v. FF; 打开 p.14
opinion /a'pinjon/

nL; 想法 ; 看 法 p.30
opposite /‘ppozit/, /‘a:pozat/

prep. 与 …… 相 对 ; Ze Rt = p.78

4a 丰 对 面 的 ; 另 一 边 的 p.78
or so 大 约 p.54
ourselves /,aua(r)'selvz/

prom.( we 的 反 身 代词 ) RNAG p6

131)
own /oun/ v. iA; 有 p.75
owner /'guna(r)/ 1. WE; 主人 p-ll
P

page /peid3/ n.( 书刊 或 纸张 的 ) 页 ，

ii, ok p.58
part /pax(r)t/ v. 离开 ; 分 开 p-75
part with 放弃 、 交 出 〈 尤 指 不 舍得 的

东西 ) p.75
pass /pa:s/, /pees/ v.28; 递 ; 走 过 ;

通过 p.20
passage /‘pesid3/n. #13; BEE  p.38
passenger /'pesind3a(r)/

n. Fee 5 旅客 p3
peaceful /'pi:sfl/ adj. 和 平 的 ; 安宁 的 p.67
perfect /'p3:(r)fikt/

adj. 完美 的 ; 完全 的 p.67
performance /pa(r)'fo:(r)mons/

n. 表演 ;演出 p.67
perhaps /po(r)heps/

adv. 可 能 ; ABE; 也 许 p.32

pick up ( =pick up the phone ) 接 电话 p.34
pop /pop/, /pa:p/
刀 , 流行 音乐 ; 流行 乐曲
population /pppjulerfn/，
/pa:pjullerfn/n. AD; 人 口 数 量 p.50
press /pres/v.Jk; 挤 ; 按 p.S

p.61

pressure /prefa(r)/ 1. 压力 p.29
prince /prins/n. 王子 p.44
progress /preugres/ /'pra:gres/

v. & n. HEE; 进展 p.67
proper /prppa/ /'pra:por/

adj. 正确 的 ; 恰当 的 p.27
protect /pretekt/ 保护 ;防护 P.50

132)

*。。。。。。。。。。。。VOcabulary Index.。…。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

protection /pretekfn/ n. (Ri; 保卫 p.S5

provide /pro'vaid/ v. 提供 ; 供应  Pp.22
province /prpvIns/ /‘pra:vins/

n. 省 份 p.68
pupil /'pju:pl/ 7 学 生 p.38
push /puf/ v. 4%; 督促 ; 推动 p.30
put off 推迟 p.-10
Q
quick /kwik/ adj. RAS; 迅速 的 ;

时 间 短 暂 的 p.30
R
railway /‘retlwe1/ n. RK; 铁道 p.75
rainstorm /'remnsto:(r)m/ n. 暴风雨 p.33
raise /reiz/ v. $4; 征集 p.12
rapid /repid/ adj. 迅速 的 ; PRAY p.67
realize /‘rislaiz/, /‘ri:alaiz/

义理 解 ; 领会 ; 认识 到 p.37

recently /'ri:sntli/ adv. 不 久 前 ; 最 近 p.38
record

/reko:d/, /reksrd/ 0. 唱片 ;记录

/trko:(r)d/ v. 录制; 录 ( 音 ) p.62.
regard /ri'ga:(r)d/ v. +--+;
把 …… 视 为 ; 看 待 p.78

relation /rileifn/n. KA; 联系 ; 交往 p27
remind /ri'maind/ v. 提醒; 使 想起 p.42
repair /rtpee/ /rrper/ 世 修理 ; 修补 p.13
report /ri'pox(r)t/v. & n. Hi; 公布 p.35
research /r1's3:(r)t{/
n.& v.BAGE; 调查 ( 用 作 名 词 时 ，

音 可 放 在 第 一 个 音节 ) p.54
rest /rest/v. & n. HS; 休息 p.2
return /rita:(TD)n/ 归还 ; 回来 ; 返回 p.28
ride /raid/ n. 供 乘 骑 的 游乐 设施 ;

短途 旅程 p.68
right away 立即 ; 马上 p3
rise /raiz/ v. (rose /rauz/)

kn. Fie; 增加 ; 提高 P.3S
risk /risk/n. & v. fab; 风险 ; 冒险 ”了 p.6
rock /rok/, /raik/ 1. 岩石 p.6

rock /rpk/ /ra:k/ n. HERR p.61
rubbish /'rabif/ n. 575k; 废弃 物 p-17
run out (of) 用 尽 ; 耗 尽 p.6
S
safe /serf/ adj. #1; 无 危险 的 P.70
sand /Sand/ n. vite; 沙 p.59
satisfaction /setis'fek{n/

九 满足 ; 满意 Pa

scarf /ska:(r)f/ n. fai; Be; 头巾 p.74
scene /si:n/ n.( 戏剧 或 歌剧 的 )

场 ; 场景 p.46
science fiction 科幻 小 说 (或 影片 等 p.60
search /s3:(r)t{/v. & n. i828; 搜查 p.78
secondly /'sekandli/ adv. 3 —; 其 次 p.27
set up 建 起 ; 设立 P.14
several /Sevrel/ pron. 几 个 ; 数 个 ; 一 些 P11
shame /Serm/n. 羞耻; 羞愧 ; HR p.78
shine /farn/ v. (shone /fon/)

发 光 ; FRE p.46
ship /S1p/n. fi p.S9
shirt /J3:(r)t/ n. #12 p.l9
shocked /fpkt/ /fa:kt/

adj. 惊 情 的; 受 震惊 的 p.38
shoot /Su:t/ v. (shot /fot/, /fa:t/)

射击 ; 发 射 p.41
sick /sIk/ adj. 生病 的 ， 有 病 的 p.S

oe ccccccccccccccccccceccccccoccccccccccccccccossccooces VOCabulary Index。。。。。。。。。。。。。

sign /saIn/ 7. 标志 ; 信和 号 P.10
silence /sallsns/ 1. 沉默 ; SRE;

无 声 p38
silk /silk/ n. 2299; 丝 织 物 p.45

silly /‘sili/ adj. BAEK; 不 明 事理 的 p.42
simply /'srmpli/ adv. 仅仅 ;只 ;

不 过 P.70
since /sins/ conj. 因为 ; 既然

prep., conj. & adv. ++ Wa;

自 ……。 以 来 P.22

sir /s3:(r)/n. 042 (用 于 正式 信函 中

对 不 知名 的 男性 收 信人 的 称呼 时 ，

写 为 Sir ) p.16
situation /sitfuerfn/n. fil; KUL p.6
skill /skil/ nA; 技巧 p.30
smile /Small/ & n.%; 微笑 p.44
snack /snek/ n. A>; 小 吃 ; 快餐 p.21
social /sauf1/ adj. #21) p.67
soft /spft/, /so:ft/ adj. #AN; 柔软 的 p.74
soft toy 软体 玩具 ; HA p.74
somewhere /‘samwesa/, /'samwer/

adv. 在 某 处 ; 到 某 处 p.65
sore /so:(r)/ a 丰 疼痛 的 ; 酸痛 的 pl

southern /'sado(r)n/ adj. HIT) p.62
southwestern /,sau@'westa(r)n/
adj. PARAS; 西南 方向 的 Pp.S1

spirit /SpITrIt/ n. 勇气 ; 意志 p.6

spring /sprin/n.#K p.70
square /skwea/, /skwer/
n. 平方 ; 正方 形 p.49

stepmother /'stepmada(r)/ n. AEE p46
stepsister /stepsisto(r)/n. 44H ( 妹 ) p.44
stick /stik/n. fi; 条 p43
stomach /'stamak/ n. 胃 ; 腹部 pl

1133)
stomachache /'stamokeik/
n. 胃痛 ; 腹痛 p.l

stone /stoun/ n. 石头 p4l
storm /sto:(r)m/ n. 暴风 两 p.35
strange /streind3/ adj. 奇特 的 ;

奇怪 的 p.34

stress /stres/n. 精神 压力 ; 心理 负担 p.22
strong /stron/, /stro:y/

adj. 强烈 的 ; 强壮 的 p-ll
stupid /'stju:pid/, /'stu:pid/
adj. AEH) p.45

succeed /sok'si:d/ v. ILA; 成 功 p.S1
success /sok'ses/ 74. 成 功 p.62
suddenly /'sadonli/ adv. 突然 ; 忽然 p.34
sunburned /'sanbs:(r)nd/ adj. 晒 伤 的 p.6
sweep /swi:p/ v. (swept /swept/)

A; 47H p.17
sweet /swi:t/ adj. #0; 甜 的 ;

含 糖 的 p.73
T
tail /terl/n. BE p.43
take after (外貌 或 行为 ) 像 p.13
take breaks (take a break) 休息 p.2
take care of 照顾 ， 处理 p.22
take down 拆除 ; FEF; 记录 p.38
takein MA; 知人 (体内 ) P.S1
take ones temperature 量 体 温 p.2
take out the rubbish 倒 垃 圾 p.17
take risks (take a risk) 冒险 p.6
tea art 茶艺 p.67
tea set 茶具 p.67
technology /tek'nplod3i/,

/tek'na:lod3i/ 1 科技; 工艺 p.60

1134)

terrorist /‘terorist/
n EME LH; BAe

the Pacific /po'sifik/ Ocean 太平 洋

theme /@i:m/ n. +i
thick /O1k/ adj. RAS; 浓 的
thousand /9auznd/ num. 一 千
thousands of
数 以 千 计 的 ; 许 许多 多 的
throat /Oraut/ n. 咽喉; MEE
throw /@rau/ v. (threw /Oru:/)
扔 ; 掷
to be honest 说 实在 的
to one’s surprise 使 …… 惊 讶 的 ;

toilet /tollat/ 1. 坐 便器 ; 厕所
tool /tu:l/ n. TA
toothache /'tu:Oe1k/ n. 牙痛

tour /tua/, /tur/n. & v. jie47s 旅游

tourist /‘tuorist/, /‘turist/
NTH; 观光 者
towards /teawoldz/, /to:rdz/
prep. Hs 向 ; 对 着
tower /taus(T)/ 1m. 塔 ; 塔楼
toy /to1/ n. 玩具
train /trem/ v. 训练 ;培训
training /‘tremim/ .训练 ; 培训
treasure /'tre3zo(r)/ n. RG; WU
trouble /trAbl/ n. ja); 苦恼
truth /tru:0/ n. tj; 事实
truthful /‘tru:0f1/
adj. 诚实 的 ; 真实 的
try out 参加 …… 选 拔 ; 试用
turn... into 变 成
typical /trprkl/ adj. 典型 的

'。。。。。。。。。。。。。VOcabulary Index-……。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

p.38
p.S2
p.68
p-S1
p-70

p-70
p.l

p.19
p7s

p-3
p.67
p.59

p.2
p.S0

p.50

p59
p.38
p.74
p.14
p.14
p.S7

p.3
P.39

p.75
p-ll
p.43
p.30
U
unbelievable /,anbr'li:vabl/
adj. 难以 置信 的 ; 不 真实 的
understand /,anda(r)'steend/
v. (understood /,anda(r)'stud/)
理解 ;领会

p.67

p.l4

underwear /'andowed/, /‘andorwer/

n. AK p.45
unfair /,an'feo/, /,an'fer/

adj. 不 合理 的 ; 不 公正 的 p.24
unusual /Anju:3usl/

adj. 特别 的 ; 不 寻常 的 p.67
up to 到 达 ( 某 数量 、 程 度 等 );

至 多 有 ; 不 多 于 p.53
used to 曾经 …… : aie p.10

usual /‘ju:zual/ adj. #09; 寻常 的 p.31

V
voice /vais/ n. Faz p.47
volunteer /vplon'tia/, /,va:lon'tir/

vs 自愿 做 nM pg

WwW
walk into 走路 时 撞 着 p-54
wall /wo:l/ n. Si p.50
waste /weist/n. 3%; 垃圾

尺 浪 费 ; MFA p.22
weak /witk/ adj. #551; FM p.42
weigh /weI/ 重量 是 …… a

称 …… 的 重量 p.53
Western /weste(T)n/

adj. 西 方 国家 的 ; ( 尤 指 ) 欧美 的 ;

西方 的 (w 可 以 小 写 ) p.43

，。。。。。。。。。。。。 Vocabulary Index。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

whale /weIl/ n. fii p-55
What's the matter? 怎么 了 ?

出 什么 事 了 ? pl
Whats wrong? 哪儿 不 舒服 ? p.25
whatever /wpteve/ /wa:t'evor/

pron. 任何 ; 每 一 p.27
wheel /wi:l/n. 424; 轮子 p.13
whenever /wen'eva(r)/

co 路 在 任何 …… 的 时 候 ; 无 论 何 时 p.70
whether /'weda(r)/ conj. 不 管 ……
CBRE); 或 者 …… (RE);

是 否 p.70
while /warl/ conj. 与 ……: 同时 ;

当 ……。 的 时 候 ; 而 ; 然而 P.20
while /wall/ 7%. 一 段 时 间 ; 一 会 儿 p.75
whole /hsul/ a 丰 .全 部 的 ; 整体 的 p.46
wide /waid/ a 丰 宽 的 ; 宽阔 的 p.50
wife /waif/n.#¥; KK p.46
wild /waild/ adj. 8F4: (4 p.S4
wind /wind/ n. J p.35
window /'windou/ n. fi; 窗户 p.3S
wood /wud/n.#; 木头 p.3S
work out 成 功 地 发 展 ; 解决 p.26
wrong /rpD/ /ro:1/

adj. 有 毛病 ; 错误 的 p.25
x
X-ray /'eks reI/ n. XH}; XI6 p.2
¥
yard /ja:(r)d/ n. 院子 p.73
yard sale 庭院 拍卖 会 p.73
coccccccccocoirreguilar Verbs。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。“

Irregular Verbs

Verb | Past tense | Past participle Verb | Past tense | Past participle
be (am, feel felt felt
. was, were | been
is, are) fight | fought fought
bear bore born find _| found found
beat beat beaten fly flew flown
become | became become forget | forgot forgotten
begin _| began begun get got got/gotten
blow | blew blown give gave given
break | broke broken go went gone
bring |brought —_| brought grow | grew grown
build | built built hang

T hung hung

(悬挂 )
burnt/
burn burnt/burned
burned have
had had
buy bought bought (has)
catch | caught caught hear _ heard heard
choose | chose chosen hide _ hid hidden
come |came come hit hit hit
cost cost cost hold held held
cut cut cut hurt hurt hurt
dig dug dug keep kept kept
do (does) did done know knew known
draw | drew drawn lay laid laid
lead led led
dream Mineo, dreamt/dreamed 7
dreamed learnt/

+ learn 1 d learnt/learned
drink | drank drunk carne 7 ‘
drive | drove driven leave _left left
eat ate eaten lend lent lent
fall fell fallen let let let -
feed _|fed fed lie (44) lay lain

ee eccccccccccccccccvcccccccccccccccccccccccccoccccccoocs regular Verbsssssssssseces:

Verb | Past tense | Past participle Verb | Past tense | Past participle
light lit/lighted _/lit/lighted sleep _|slept slept
ae ie lees smell somali? smelt/smelled
‘make | made made smelled
‘mean | meant meant speak | spoke spoken |
meet met met sped
mistake |mistook 。 | mistaken 本 ua |Pec/ speeced
PY aes a spell spelt/ spelt/spelled
| put put put spelled
pew read /red/ read /red/ meee ee sia

Tid/ | _ | |spread_| spread Spread
tide rode ridden stand | stood stood
‘ring rang rung | | steal stole stolen
[rise rose risen | stick stuck stuck
run ran run swim |swam swum
say said said | [take took taken
see | Saw seen teach _| taught taught
sell sold sold tell told told
send _ sent sent think [thought _| thought
set set set throw _|threw thrown
= — — under understood | understood
show _ showed shown wake “| woke woken
shut shut shut wear ”| wore worn
sing sang sung win won won
| Si Sat Sat write “| wrote written

后 i

本 册 教 科 书 是 人 民 教 育 出 版 社 课程 教材 研究 所 英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心
依据 教育 部 《义务 教育 英语 课程 标准 》 ( 2011 年 版 ) 与 美国 圣 智 学 习 集团 合作
编写 的 ， 经 国家 基础 教育 课程 教材 专家 工作 委员 会 2013 年 审查 通过 。

本 册 教 科 书 集中 反映 了 基础 教育 教科 书 研究 与 实验 的 成 果 ， 凝 聚 了 参与 课
改 实验 的 教育 专家 、 学 科 专 家 、 教 研 人 员 以 及 一 线 教师 的 集体 智慧 。 我 们 感谢
所 有 对 教科 书 的 编写 、 出 版 提供 过 帮助 与 支持 的 同仁 和 社会 各 界 朋 友 ， 以 及 整
体 设计 艺术 指导 吕 敬 人 等 。

本 册 教 科 书 出 版 之 前 ， 我 们 通过 多 种 渠道 与 教科 书 选用 作品 ( 包括 照片 、
画作 ) 的 作者 进行 了 联系 ， 得 到 了 他 们 的 大 力 支持 。 对 此 ， 我 们 表示 衷心 的 感
谢 ! 但 仍 有 部 分 作者 未 能 取得 联系 ， 恳 请 入 选 作品 的 作者 与 我 们 联系 ， 以 便 支
付 稿酬 。

我 们 真诚 地 希望 广大 教师 、 学 生 及 家 长 在 使 用 本 册 教 科 书 的 过 程 中 提出 宝
贵 意见 ， 并 将 这 些 意见 和 建议 及 时 反馈 给 我 们 。 让 我 们 携 起 手 来 ， 共 同 完成 义
务 教 育 教材 建设 工作 !

联系 方式
电 话 : 010-58758866
电子 邮箱 : jcfk@pep.com.cn

人 民 教 育 出 版 社 课程 教材 研究 所
英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心
2013 年 5 月
NA

78-7-107-~ 01-

| | 274 5
| |

107%274

ISBN 9
2 Gl tm
9 0787

义务 教育 教科 书 ”英语 八 年 级 “下 册 定价 ; 9.10 元 |
审批 号 : 京 发 改 [2007]1043 号 -193 价格 举报 电话 :12358

