ENGLISH

必 修

ENGLISH

必 修

第 一 册

Cy) > HE 课程 教材 研究 所
英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心

(美国 ) 圣 智 学 习 集 A

A Ad: Aan sh e

“北京 ，

编著

主 HG: 刘 道义 郑 旺 全
副 主 编 : 吴 欣 张 献 臣

编写 人 员 : Sarah H. Miller Nils-Olov Fors Patrick Wallace
生 平 BAS 庄 力 葛 炳 芳 贵 丽 萍

责任 编辑 : SEI UES
美术 编辑 : HART

普通 高 中 教科 书 ”英语 必修 第 一 册

(中 人 民 教 育 出 版 社 课程 教材 研究 所
英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心 编著
(美国 ) 圣 8 学 习 集 FA

出 版 Added ra et

(北京 市 海淀 区 中 关 村 南大 街 17 号 院 1 号 楼 “邮编 ， 100081)
http ;//www.pep.com.cn

北方 联合 出 版 传媒 (SEAN) 股份 有 限 公司
辽宁 省 新 华 书店

i) 辽宁 新 华 印 务 有 限 公司

2019 年 6 月 第 1 版

2019 年 8 月 第 1 次 印刷

890 毫米 x1240 BK 1/16

8.5

225 千 字

ISBN 978-7-107-33652-2

9. 40 元

14. 40 元

ZOUBE

DH eH EASA SR wa
SSeS F

光盘 定

版 权 所 有 “' 未 经 许可 不 得 采用 任何 方式 擅自 复制 或 使 用 本 产品 任何 部 分 . 违 者 必 究
如 发 现 内 容 质量 问题 ， 请 登录 中 小 学 教材 意见 反馈 平台 : jcyjtk.pep.com.cn

如 发 现 印 、 装 质量 问题 ， 影 响 阅读 ， 请 与 印 厂 联系 调换 。 电 话 : 024-31255233
监督 电话 : 024-23284031

《普通 高 中 教科 书 ”英语 》 是 为 了 适应 新 时 代 的 发 展 需要 ， 依 据 《 普 通 高 中 英语 课程 标
准 ( 2017 年 版 )》 的 精神 ， 充 分 征求 广大 师 生 的 反馈 意见 ， 在 《普通 高 中 课程 标准 实验 教科
书 英语 》 的 基础 上 精心 修订 而 成 。 此 次 教材 修订 的 主要 目的 是 : 全 面 落实 立 德 树 人 根本 任
务 ， 培 育 社会 主义 核心 价值 观 ， 弘 扬中 华 优 秀文 化 ， 充 分 体现 英语 课程 工具 性 和 人 文 性 的 统
一 ， 发 展 学 生 的 语言 能 力 、 文 化 意识 、 思 维 品 质 和 学 习 能 力 等 英语 学 科 核心 素养 ， 充 分 体现
英语 学 科 特 殊 的 育 人 价值 ， 培 养 具有 中 国情 怀 、 国 际 视野 和 跨 文化 沟通 能 力 的 社会 主义 建设
者 和 接班 人 。

修订 后 的 教材 主要 具有 以 下 特点 :

注重 思 想 引领 教材 融入 了 社会 主义 核心 价值 观 的 基本 内 容 和 要 求 ， 注 重 培 养 学 生 良好
的 政治 素质 、 道 德 品质 和 健全 人 格 ， 弘 扬中 华 优秀 文化 ， 增 强 文化 自信 ， 引 导 学生 形 成 正确
的 世界 观 、 人 生 观 和 价值 观 。

反映 时 代 要 求 教材 充分 反映 当代 社会 发 展 新 变化 、 科 技 进步 新 成 果 ， 展 示 新 时 代 中 国
特色 社会 主义 新 成 就 ， 将 先进 的 教育 思想 和 理念 融入 到 教材 之 中 ， 同 时 紧密 结合 学 生 的 学 习
和 生活 实际 ， 关 注 信息 化 环境 下 学 生 的 发 展 需求 。

强调 语言 实践 ”教材 以 英语 学 习 活动 观 为 指导 ， 以 主题 为 引领 ， 以 语 篇 为 依托 ， 通 过 板
块 式 设计 将 语言 知识 与 听 、 说 、 读 、 看 、 写 等 技能 有 机 整合 ， 强 调 学 习 过 程 和 学 习 策略 ， 突
出 活动 目标 ， 让 学 生 用 语言 做 事情 ， 在 实践 中 培养 语言 运用 能 力 和 创新 思维 。

突出 文化 意识 ”教材 通过 展示 多 姿 多 彩 的 中 外 文化 来 培养 学 生 对 中 华文 化 的 认同 和 传承 ，
加 深 对 人 类 优秀 文化 的 学 习 和 鉴赏 ;通过 让 学 生 分 析 中 外 文化 异同 ， 发 展 其 多 元 思维 和 批判
性 思维 ， 增 强 学 生 跨 文化 理解 和 跨 文化 沟通 能 力 ， 构 建 人 类 命运 共同 体 意识 。

激发 学 习 动机 ”教材 以 真实 性 、 趣 味 性 、 规 范 性 和 经 典 性 作为 内 容 选 编 原 则 ， 主 题 覆 盖
面 广 ， 语 篇 题材 和 体裁 丰富 ， 活 动 呈 现形 式 多 样 ， 版 式 设 计生 动 活泼 且 富 有 美感 ， 力 求 激发
学 生 的 学 习 兴 趣 和 动机 ， 引 发 他 们 积极 思考 、 主 动 参与 语言 实践 活动 ， 提 升 英语 学 习 效 率 。

满足 不 同 需求 ”教材 编排 内 容 和 活动 设计 既 充 分 考虑 学 生 的 共同 基础 ， 又 兼顾 学 生 不 同
的 能 力 水 平和 学 习 需 求 , 提供 了 拓展 性 的 教学 内 容 , 为 教师 灵活 使 用 教材 进行 教学 提供 了 便利 ，
也 切实 促进 学 生 的 个 性 发 展 。

本 套 教 材 为 高 中 英语 教学 提供 了 丰富 的 教学 资源 。 希 望 教材 能 够 帮助 同学 们 打下 坚实 的
语言 基础 ， 提 高 英语 水 平 ， 获 得 全 面 发 展 ; 同时 也 希望 老师 们 能 够 充分 利用 教材 ， 在 实践 中
不 断 完 善 教学 ， 取 得 良好 的 教学 效果 。

编者
2019 年 4 月

CONTENTS

|
-
-

p. 47

p. 59

Theme

WELCOME
UNIT

UNIT 1

TEENAGE
LIFE

UNIT 2

TRAVELLING
AROUND

UNIT 3

SPORTS AND

FITNESS

UNIT 4

NATURAL
DISASTERS

UNIT 5

LANGUAGES
AROUND
THE WORLD

WORKBOOK

Listening

Registering

Learning styles

School clubs
Predict content

Youth camps

Getting ready to travel

Focus on key words

Booking air tickets

Inviting a friend to
a sports event

Listen for main ideas

Sportsmanship

News about
natural disasters

Listen for details

Preparing for a
disaster

Languages around
the world

Reference

Different kinds
of English

Unit 1
Unit 2
Unit 3
Unit 4
Unit 5

p. 71
p. 77
p. 83
p. 89
p. 95

Speaking

Making
introductions
and greetings

Talking about
future activities

Making
reservations

Agreeing
and
disagreeing

Giving
instructions

Asking for
clarification

Reading

First Impressions

Student Profiles

The Freshman Challenge
Skim
A Letter of Advice

The Face-down Generation

Travel Peru
Recognise text type
A Travel Plan to Xi'an

Be a Good Tourist

Living Legends
Make predictions

Going Positive

Cool Cold Sports

The Night the Earth Didn’t Sleep

Use context to understand
new words

Tsunami Hits Asia: Over 6,500 Dead
The Story of an Eyewitness

The Chinese Writing System:
Connecting the Past and the Present

Scan
Learning English

Polyglots: What Are They and Who
Can Be One?
Writing

A student
profile

A letter of
advice

A travel plan

Apage ina
wellness book

A summary
of a news report

A blog about
English study

Pronunciation

Vowel letters

“Vowel + consonant”
combinations

Consonants and
consonant
combinations

Intonation

Voiceless and
voiced consonants

-ed endings

Accents of English:
American English and
British English

APPENDICES

Structure

Basic sentence
structures

Noun phrases,
adjective phrases,

and adverb phrases

The present
continuous tense:
expressing future
plans

Tag questions

Restrictive relative
clauses (1) (that,

which, who, whom,

whose)

Restrictive relative
clauses (2) (where,
when, why, prep +
which/whom)

Notes
Grammar

Words and Expressions in Each Unit

Vocabulary
Irregular Verbs

*Project

Set up a
student club

Design a
travel brochure

Make a survey
on sports
interests and
needs

Give a
presentation
on natural
disasters

Create your own
word bank

*Video Time

Learning Across
Generations

Machu Picchu

The Karsts of
China: A Vertical
Journey

Tsunami:
Killer Wave

Chinese
Characters

p. 101
p. 108
p. 112
p. 118
p. 125
A thousand-mile journey
begins with the first step.
—Laozi

Listening and Speaking

Get to know new people

1 Match the pictures with the sentences. Describe what the people in the
pictures are doing.

A My name is Amy. |’d like to have a student ID card, please.
B Hi, I’m Max Jackson. I’m an exchange student from the UK.
C Hello, everyone! Welcome to our school!

in the classroom in the lecture hall in the registration office

( 2 Amy is getting her student ID card. Listen to Conversation 1 and complete the
table.

1| REGISTRATION -
Student No. Name Sex Nationality Grade Email

Female
| |

| | i

() 3 Max meets Amy in the dining hall. Listen to Conversation 2 and tick Max's
favourite subject and Amy’s favourite subject.

English Chemistry Physics

Subject Chinese Maths
% one ‘ “a cS ERNE
Amy’s favourite

© 4 Amyis talking to Ms Li, a school adviser, about which courses to choose.
Listen to Conversation 3 and answer the questions.

1 What does Amy want to be in the future?
A Anengineer. B A designer. C Awriter.

2 What course will Amy probably choose?
A English. BIT. C Art.

2 WELCOME UNIT
use the introductions and greetings below.

* A boy meets a girl during a break.

An exchange student is talking to a
teacher on campus.

sa A boy and a girl are at the airport to
meet a visiting group of teachers and

students from England.
Introductions Greetings ”一 一 一 一
My name is ... Hi/Hello!
I'm ... Good morning!
This is ... Whats up?
Have you met ...? Hows it going?
Do you know ...? How are things going?
May I introduce ...? How are you?
Id like you to meet ... How are you doing?
I don't believe you know ... Nice/Glad to meet you.

©

People speak in a more
polite way in formal
situations.

5 Work in groups. Choose one of the situations and make a conversation. Try to

Responses

Hi/Hey!

Morning!

Not much.

Great!

Im fine, and you?
Very well, thank you.
How about you?

Nice/Glad to meet
you, too.

6 Pronunciation

word to each group.

A /er /ae/ grade esecape
| E HM/ /e/ these Chienese
1 /ar h/ write alive
0 /eu/ /pD/ hope aelone
U /jay /a/ use —_ fueture

《1 Listen and repeat. Notice the pronunciation of the vowels (A, E, |, 0, U). Then adda

map
met
quiz
frog

up

camepus
foreget
liseten
cofefee

disecuss

WELCOME UNIT 3
Reading and Thinking

Describe your first senior high school day

1 How did you feel on your first day of senior high school? Circle the pictures
that describe how you felt.

By
happy anxious excited annoyed frightened

@) 2 Read the text quickly and draw pictures to show Han Jing’s feelings on her first
school day.

FIRST IMPRESSIONS

Han Jing’s World

So this is it—senior high school at 的
I'm we outgoing so fm a little 7:00 a.m.
anxious right now. | want to make a

good first impression. Will | make any

friends? What if no one talks to me?
Is Oo one ie

1just had my firstmaths class =
at senior high school! The 12:30 p.m.
class was difficult, but the

teacher was kind and friendly. He even told
us a funny story, and everyone laughed so
much! | found most of my classmates and
teachers friendly and helpful.

This afternoon, we had our chemistry
class in the science lab. The lab is
new and the lesson was great, but the
guy next to me tried to talk to me the
whole time. | couldn't concentrate
on the experiment. | really wanted to
tell him to please be quiet and leave
me alone!

Me

What a day! This morning, | was worried that

No one would talk to me. But | was wrong. 10:29 p.m 3
| didn't feel awkward or frightened at all. |

miss my friends from junior high school, but

| believe | will make new friends here, and

there's a lot to explore at senior high. | feel

much more confident than | felt this morning.

| think that tomorrow will be a great day! 11

3 Read the text again and discuss the questions.

Why did Han Jing feel anxious before school?

How was her first maths class?

What happened in the chemistry class? What would you do if this happened to you?
What did Han Jing learn from her first day at senior high school?

fon +

4 Fillin the table with the words and phrases from the text, and tell a partner
about Han Jing’s day. Then talk about your own first day of senior high school.

Time What was Han Jing texting about?
7:00 a.m. genior high school, a little anxious
12:30 p.m.
5:32 p.m. 上
40:29 p.m. a

fem Word Study >)

Complete the passage with the correct forms of the words and phrases below.

explore impression feel confident
senior experiment concentrate on

Tian Hua is a new student at a school in America.
She is studying at an American high school for
one year. In China, Tian Hua was in Grade 1 at

high school, but in America, she is in

Grade 10! She did not at all when she
arrived. Her first was that English was
| difficult and people spoke too quickly but soon
she found that if she the ideas, not the
single words, she could understand! She also made
friends and began to the city with them.

Her new friends were happy to explain things to her
after class. Her favourite class is chemistry because
the teacher lets the students do cool 1
Tian Hua is not sure how well she will do at school
this year, but she is not nervous any more. She is
excited!

WELCOME UNIT 5

Discovering Useful Structures

Analyse basic sentence structures

S (subject) V (verb) O (object) P (predicative) A (adverbial)
DO (direct object) 10 (indirect object) C (object complement)

1 Study the sentence structures.

Sentence structure Sentence

SV All of us laughed!

svo | miss my grandma.

SP The teacher was kind and friendly.

SVIO DO He told us a funny story.

svoc | found most of my classmates and teachers friendly and helpful.
SVA He talked too much.

SVOA | had my first maths class at senior high school.

There be ... There's a lot to explore at senior high.

2 Read the sentences and analyse the structures.
EXAMPLE: We laughed.

V

Ne) V

1 The 100-year-old school lies in the 5 My mum bought me a new dictionary.
centre of the city. 6 Tom is looking forward to meeting the
We must act. new exchange student.

The maths homework looks easy. 7 There is an English Corner at our school.

4 The teacher found the classroom empty. 8 Wehad chemistry in the newly built lab.

3 Read the passage and analyse the structures of the
underlined sentences.

How would you like to go to school and travel the world at the
same time? For Tim, that dream has come true! This term, Tim
and his classmates are living on a ship! They take the same
subjects as you do, like maths and English. They also learn
about ships and the sea. Tim writes his parents an email every
week and tells them what happened on the ship. Tim loves living
on the ship. There’s always something exciting to do. And, after
a long day of study, he likes to watch the sun go down and wait
for the stars to come out. Studying and doing homework seem
‘much more fun when you are at sea!

6 WELCOME UNIT
Listening and Talking

Reflect on your learning styles and strategies

QO 7 Li Ming and Amy are talking about learning strategies. Listen to their
conversation and tick what Li Ming likes to do.

__ work in groups

__ listen to the teacher
and take notes

“watch videos
use flash cards

__|make mind maps

_ keep a learning diary

QO 2 Listen again and answer the questions.
1 Why does Amy like group work?
2 How does Li Ming organise his thoughts?

3 Does Li Ming like to keep a learning diary? Why or why not?

3 How do you learn English? Rate the learning methods below. You can add
more of your own to the questionnaire.

1 | have learning goals and make plans for my English studies. Wank
2 | exchange learning experience with my classmates. woke
3 | take notes while listening and reading. www
4 read English newspapers and magazines. ORO OL OK
5 | write down new words in my notebook and review them often. Kank
6 | use dictionaries to check for new words. Kaw
7 | like to write about what | read or hear in English. WH
8 | like to watch movies in English. Kawi

4 Work in pairs. Share your ideas with your partner and discuss the questions.

1 What learning strategies do you and your partner share?
2 What is the best strategy for you to learn new words? How about grammar?

3 What is the best way for you to improve your reading skills? How about writing?

WELCOME UNIT 7
Reading for Writing

Write a student profile

™@) 1 Read the student profiles and discuss the questions.

8

Ann, 15
Lakeside High School
USA

My name is Ann Wells and fm a Grade
10 student at Lakeside High School. I’m
an active person and | love sports. I’m
curious about everything. | often ask
questions, but | learn best by doing. My
favourite subject is physics. Dancing and
skating are my hobbies, and | also like to
read short stories. | plan to become an
engineer in the future.

1 What is Ann like? How do you know?

Thando, 16
South Hill High School
South Africa

I’m Thando Gowon. I’m 16 this year. |
come from South Africa. I’m a Grade 10
student at South Hill High School. | look
good, think fast, and play hard. You’ll
never see me without a book or a pen.
If ’m not in class, I’m either in the library
or in the computer lab. At the weekends,
| play computer games if I’m not busy
studying. My dream is to start my own IT
company!

2 What does “You'll never see me without a book or a pen” mean?

3 Which profile do you like better? Why?

WELCOME UNIT

2 Study the organisation and language features.

1 A student profile can include the following parts. Fill in each part with the information from
the student profiles.

A Name, age, grade, school

D Learning style

A

=
mf
D

B Personality
E Hobbies

C Favourite subject
F Future plans and dreams

A

2 Circle the phrases that Ann and Thando use to describe their personalities and underline

the sentences that they use to describe their learning styles.

3 Use what you have learnt to write your own student profile.

1 Complete the outline and use it to draft your student profile.

ze

Name: Age:
Grade: School:
Personality:

Favourite subject:

Learning style:

Hobbies:

Future plans and dreams:

>

My name is
and fm a

at

gtudent

o

Exchange drafts. Use the checklist to give feedback on your partner’s draft.

~ Does the profile give you a good impression of the student?

w Are all the parts in Activity 2 included and organised in a good order?

w Are the sentence structures correct?

¥ Do all the sentences begin with capital letters?

w Are there any spelling mistakes?

Get your draft back and revise it.

Add a photo or drawing of yourself and show your student profile to your class.

4 Collect all the student profiles and create a class book.

WELCOME UNIT

9

Building Up Your Vocabulary

1 Match the pictures with the best adjectives. Then describe each picture in
two or three sentences.

anxious awkward annoyed frightened confident curious excited

Um, 1... 1 don’t know What if | make a mistake? Hi! Long time
awhaito Say: Iwish 1 didn’t have to do this! no see!
5 \ ai SN cil] lig

Argh! Why do you al
do this? Leave me al
=

lways
lone!

2 Match the verbs on the left with the nouns on the right. Then make sentences
with your new phrases.

\

design a class adress a lecture

exchange register (for)
the world notes

explore give take ideas

EXAMPLE
Good morning. I'd like to register for a class. I’m interested in any classes on music!

3 Read the learning tips. Rewrite the underlined parts with the new words
from this unit that have the similar meaning.

Know yourself.

How you like to learn depends on what kind of person you are. If you like to talk, then it may be best

to study in groups. If you are quiet, you may concentrate best on your own.

Decide on what you want to learn.
Do you want to learn spelling rules? Do you want to learn how to take notes during a talk by a teacher?

No matter what you want to learn, it is important to decide on your goal before you make a plan.

Use the right strategy.
If you are learning new words, it is wise to use small cards with the words written on them. If you are

organising your thoughts or notes, try a mind map.

10 WELCOME UNIT
Listening and Speaking

Choose a school club

1 Match the photos with the names of the clubs. What do you think students do
in these clubs?

Ballet Club Nature Club Volunteer Club Debate Club

2) us i Tm interested in
others. plants and animals.
I love dancing! -一 一 -一 一

Tenjoy discussing
different questions.

() 2 Listen to the first two conversations and choose the correct answers.

i i i 2
1 What are they learning about in Conversation 17 Predict content

A Hearing. B Sounds. C Dogs.
Before you listen, you can
2 The students are discussing in Conversation 2. read the questions and the
A schoolwork B relationships — C dating choices. It will help you to

predict what you will hear.
3 Circle the two clubs where these two conversations happened.
A Science Club. B Ballet Club. C Nature Club. D Debate Club.

() 3 Listen to Conversation 3. Then help Adam choose a club.

12

1 Tick the activities that happen in each club.

Ballet Club Nature Club Cartoon Club Volunteer Club
© learn new movements © listen to lectures © watch cartoons help old people
© watch dance programmes © grow plants © write stories © clean up parks
© make ballet clothes _ work ina greenhouse ©) draw cartoons © give directions
2 Adam says that he likes but is not so interested in .
A stories, cartoons B animals, plants C making friends, cleaning up
3 Which club do you think is suitable for Adam? Why?
| think Adam should join the Club because he says that he

UNIT 1 TEENAGE LIFE

4 Work in pairs. Help each other choose a school club.

EXAMPLE

A: Hi, Sam! I’ve decided to join the Music Club.
: Good decision!

B
A: How about you? Are you going to join a club?
B: Yes. I’m wondering which one | should choose:
the Acting Club or the Ballet Club?
: I guess the question is ... Do you like dancing better
than acting?

: Actually, | like acting better, but my friends go to the
Ballet Club and | want to be with them.

: Hmm... If you ask me, | think you should choose what
you like.

|
| 4) 1 Listen and repeat. Then add more words to each group.

al ay ai are ar er ir or or ur

|

| talk pay paint care bar her bird horse word burn

| wall stay daily declare hard prefer circus absorb work hurt
ee ea ea ear ear oa ow ow ou ore
keen clean head clear earn boat show now out more
tree eager ready appear heard coach grow shower loud bored

64) 2 Listen to the proverbs and repeat. Notice the pronunciation of the letters in bold.

The early bird catches the worm.
Always prepare for a rainy day.
Actions speak louder than words.

All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.

Am 一

Distance tests a horse’s strength. Time reveals a person’s character.

UNIT1 TEENAGE LIFE 13

Reading and Thinking

Paragraph 1: Senior high school ig a challenge. Y

Compare school life in different places

1 Work in groups. Discuss the questions.

1 What do you want to know about school life in other countries?

2 What would you tell a teenager from another country about school life in China?

m@) 2 Read the text quickly to find the main idea of each paragraph.

Paragraph 2:

Skim

Paragraph 3:

You can find main ideas by
first taking a quick look at the

Paragraph 4:

title, picture(s), key words and

14 UNIT 1 TEENAGE LIFE

phrases, and topic sentences.

THE FRESHMAN CHALLENGE

Hi! My name is Adam and I’m a freshman at senior high school.
Going from junior high school to senior high school is a really big
challenge. The first week was a little confusing.

First, I had to think very carefully about which courses I wanted
to take. The school adviser helped me choose the suitable ones:
maths, English, chemistry, world history, and Chinese. I know that
Chinese is a very difficult language, but I hope to be fluent when
I graduate. My adviser recommended that I should sign up for
advanced literature because I like English and I’m good at it.

I had to choose extra-curricular activities, too. I tried to join the
school football team, but the coach told me that I didn’t play well
enough. Obviously, I was unhappy, but I won’t quit. I'll find a
way to improve on my own so that I can make the team next year.
I joined a volunteer club instead. Every Wednesday, we work
at a soup kitchen and hand out food to homeless people in the

community.

I know I’ll have to study harder as a senior high school student
and get used to being responsible for a lot more. I’m a bit worried
about keeping up with the other students in my advanced course,
and it’ll be quite difficult to get used to all the homework. Still, ’m
happy to be here. Studying hard isn’t always fun, but TH be well
prepared for university or whatever else comes in the future.
3 Read the text again and answer the questions.

1
2
3
4

What courses did Adam choose? Which one do you think would be his favourite? Why?
What does “make the team” in Paragraph 3 mean?
What is Adam worried about?

Is Adam confident that he will get used to senior high school life? How do you know?

Complete the outline. Then discuss the questions below with a partner.

Paragraph Challenge How Adam feels Solution
1 Confused
2 Choosing courses The school adviser
3 He will findawayto
4 He will

1 What kind of person do you think Adam is? Why?

2 Do you face the same challenges as Adam? What other challenges are you facing?
How do you deal with them?

3 What are some differences between Adam’s school life and your school life?

Complete the sentences with the correct forms of the new words from the text.

1 I'm good at maths, so my teacher that | should choose advanced maths
in my first year.

2 Finding time for both studies and extra-curricular activities is a big , so |
need to make a workable schedule.

3 It’s alittle to choose suitable courses. | hope that my adviser can help me
make a good decision.

4 We can try a course for two weeks after we up for it. After that, we cannot
change it.

5 The main purpose of the course is to help each student's reading ability.
Some of the students want to become writers or editors after they , so the

teacher advised them to start a writing club.
The school is for the safety of all the students.

Whenever |’m facing a difficulty, | always tell myself, “Don’t let anything stop you. Don’t ever

”

UNIT 1 TEENAGE LIFE 15

Discovering Useful Structures

Improve a draft

1 Find and mark the phrases in the sentences that fit the categories below. Then
state their functions.

Noun Phrase (NP) Adjective Phrase (AdjP) Adverb Phrase (AdvP)

word group with a noun as word group with an adjective | word group with an adverb as
its head word as its head word its head word

1 The first week was a little confusing.
NP AdiP

2 The building is so big that I’m completely lost.

3 The kids over there are putting something on a round paper plate.
4 Linda thinks and speaks quite quickly, and she can do well in the debate.
5 The new coach told me that | didn’t play well enough.

6 My first French class was very confusing. The teacher spoke so fast!

2 Answer the questions using the phrases in brackets.

How soon do you think you'll finish your homework? (pretty soon)
What do you think of your new teachers? (very nice and patient)

How many clubs have you joined this year? (two clubs)
How well does Rita play the violin? We need a new violinist in our music club. (quite well)

What did your adviser say about the advanced literature course?
(too difficult but very interesting)

a fF woOnD 一

3 Joyce has just written a draft. Help her improve it by using noun/adjective/
adverb phrases to add more information.

Cheerleader Try-outs

I've always wanted to be a cheerleader. Yesterday, | tried out for the team. It was hard. First,

we had to dance. The teacher showed us how to move, and then we tried. Second, we
practised singing a song about the school basketball team. Finally, some girls had to lift their
partners. The other girls jumped and cheered. | think | did well, but the other girls were
better. I’m not sure if I'll make the team or not.

[ve alwaye wanted to be a high school cheerleader. Yesterday, | tried out
for my school’s cheerleading team. It wag really hard. First, ...

Listening and Talking

Plan a camp for teenagers
() 1 Cao Jing and Max are talking about camps. Listen to the conversation and
tick what they are going to do at the camps.

Adventure Camp International Youth Camp

<

g ERNATIONAL Your;
ee cen amen

yt

Talking about future activities

We'll learn survival skills. I plan to improve my spoken English.
T'll learn how to make a fire. We'll talk about teenage life.

We'll learn how to live in the wild from There'll be students from different
some experts. countries at the camp.

We're going to learn about wildlife. Im going to give a speech.

I think itS going to be fun. I hope to make some friends.

(> 2 Listen again. Underline the expressions in the sentences above that Cao Jing
and Max use to talk about the future.

3 Work in groups. Plan a youth camp.

1 Think of ideas for the camp. You can use the questions below to get started.
e What kind of camp is it? e Who will be there?
e What will they do? e What will they learn?

2 Present your ideas for a youth camp to the class.

EXAMPLE
Camp
Do you want to have fun and learn at the same time? Then come to our camp. In

our camp, you can learn about ... There'll be many interesting activities. First, we are
going to … Then we'll ... We also plan to ... Finally, we'll … Please come to our camp!

UNIT1 TEENAGE LIFE 17
Reading for Writing

Write a letter of advice

上 1 Susan Luo, an adviser for teenagers, has received a letter asking for some
advice. Read her reply and discuss the questions.

Dear Worried Friend,

| Date | 10 September 2018
;

You wrote that you are very worried about your friend, Chen Lei.
I understand quite well that you are anxious and feel terrible.
You think that your friend plays computer games too often and
spends too much time online.

I recommend that you talk to your friend about his behaviour. It
is not unusual for teenagers of your generation to be attracted
to computer games and the online world. But spending too much

Body
time online is unhealthy and makes it very difficult to focus on

other things in life. Some students even become addicted to the
Internet and cannot concentrate on school and family life. I think

you should encourage your friend to try new hobbies. Why not

discuss the problem together? I am sure he will listen to you,

since you are his good friend.

All the best,

- Siew Las

1 What is Worried Friend’s problem?
2 Do you think Ms Luo’s advice is useful? Why or why not?
3 What other kinds of advice would you give?

2 Study the organisation and language features.

1 Find and mark the parts of the letter that match the following points.
A | know what the problem is. B | understand how you feel.
C This is my advice and reason(s). D | think my advice will help.

2 What expressions does Ms Luo use to make suggestions? Circle them in the letter.

18 UNIT 1 TEENAGE LIFE
suggestions and reasons.

1 always feel lonely after

|
school because my parents |
work in another city. What |
|

_ can] do?

EPE
/1 My parents wor't listen when

1 rel them things. 1 guess it’s
because they’re adults and
can’t understand me. Do
you have any suggestions?

Suggestion

Xu Ting, 14, Hangzhou

2 Draft your letter according to the outline below.

3 Use what you have learnt to write a letter of advice to one of the teenagers below.

1 Work in groups. Choose one of the teenagers and discuss his/her problem. List possible

There is a girl | like in my
class, but I’m too shy to
talk to her. Please help mel

Min Ho, 15, Seoul

Reason

. [am gure

Show the reader that you know Dear
what the problem is. >
‘Tell the reader that you You wrote that
understand how he/she feels.

| understand that
Tell the reader what you, think ea |i | think
he/she should do bee auge
Explain your reason(s). that
Tell the: reader what you
think will happen: Best wighes,

4

3 Exchange drafts. Use the checklist to give feedback on your partner's draft.

~ Are all the parts of a letter included and organised in a good order?

Y Does the writer give reasons for the advice?

~ Does the writer use proper expressions to give suggestions?

Y Does the writer use commas and stops correctly?
~ Is the handwriting easy to read?
4 Get your draft back and revise it.

4 Put up your letter in the classroom or read it to the class.

UNIT 1 TEENAGE LIFE

Assessing Your Progress

1 Circle the correct word(s} in each sentence.

20

Don’t quit trying/to try if there is still hope.

ON Oa FWD 一

Today’s teenagers seem to prefer/like the Internet more than TV.
Martin did not enjoy pop music until he became a generation/teenager.

Which course did your teacher recommend to/with you?

| think he is addicted/attracted to smoking. He just can’t seem to quit.

The library project has already fallen behind schedule/plan.

The research has focused on/for the relationship between a teenager’s sleep and health.
The instructions on the box made him confusing/confused, and he did not know what to do.

Find the noun/adjective/adverb phrases in the passage and state their functions.

If you have learnt some maths at school, you
can quite quickly work out that one eleventh
is about 9 percent. But did you know that 9
percent is also the number of children who
are not at school? That’s right—one in 11
children is not studying and probably even
cannot do the simple maths you just did so
very easily. They drop out of school because
their families are too poor and they have to
work like adults. In 2013, millions of children
and teenagers were out of school. Most live

in poor countries, but there are also some
boys and girls who cannot go to school in
rich countries. If you are one of the lucky
ones who can go to a senior high school,
you should be grateful for the opportunity. So
the next time you feel like you do not want to
do boring, difficult homework or go to class,
think about the children who don’t have the
chance to get a good education. Make the
most of your education and make the world
a better place.

Do you agree with the writer's opinion? Give your reasons.

-OREFLECTING

© Which reading in this unit did you find the most interesting? Why?

© What new things did you learn about teenage life from this unit?

© What new vocabulary and structures did you learn in this unit? Did you use any of
them in your language activities? How well could you use them?

© Do you think skimming was useful for you to understand the texts?

© What problems did you or your friends have with this unit? How did you solve the
problems? What advice did you give each other?

UNIT 1 TEENAGE LIFE

* Project: Set up a student club

1 You are going to set up a student club. Work in groups and choose one of the clubs
from below, or create a new club you think others would be interested in joining.

Calligraphy

Psychology
Club Club

Student
Club

Debate

Biology
~ Club

Club

2 Decide on the following details of your club.

3 Design an eye-catching logo for your club and make a poster including the club's
name, slogan, and logo.

4 Prepare an introduction to recruit new members during a school assembly.
Include some details that are not mentioned on your poster.

EXAMPLE

Hello, everyone! We're very pleased to introduce our club to you. It is called ... Our slogan
is ..., and our club aims to...

UNIT 1 TEENAGE LIFE

21

* Video Time 名

Learning Across Generations

Mamorena Chaane is a teenage girl. She
lives in the suburbs of Johannesburg, South
Africa with her mother, Tandi.

BEFORE

Look through the title, introduction, and photos. Then guess whether the
statements are true (T) or false (F).

1 In South Africa, many teenagers graduate from university. T F
"2  Mamorena’s life is the same as Tandi’s when she was young. T F
3 Tandi had a difficult childhood. T F
4 Tandi is now a successful businesswoman. iF F
A shanty town is a poor
WHILE YOU WATCH area. People in a shanty
town make their own
1 Check your answers in Before You Watch. houses, often from
wood or materials that
2 Circle the correct word(s) in each sentence. have been thrown away.
1 Mamorena is a student at an expensive/inexpensive private school.
2 Tandi grew up in a poor/wealthy area of Johannesburg.
3 Mamorena does not understand/understands about her mother’s childhood.
AFTER YOU Y > HH

Work in pairs. Discuss the questions.
1 In what ways is your life similar to or different from your parents’ life when they were young?

2 Tandi said, “I don’t think you become a person if you don’t know where you come from.”
Do you agree or disagree with this statement? Why or why not?

22 - UNIT 1 TEENAGE LIFE
TRAVELLING

wy in this unit, you will _ oe and discuss”
1 read about tours to Peru and China. © : 1 Where do you think the travellers i in the photo are?
2 listen to people discuss their travel plans. 2 Do you like travelling? Who do you like to travel with?
3 talk about preparing for travel and how to 3 What places have you travelled to? What words can
make reservations for a trip. : _ you use to describe your trips? —

4 write a travel plan.
5 learn about travelling s home and abroad.

pig

Listening and Speaking

Get ready to travel

1 Before you listen, discuss the questions in groups.

1 If you have the chance to travel anywhere in the world, where will you go?

2 What do you need to do to prepare for the trip?

fa

the Eiffel Tower, France Lijiang, China Neuschwanstein Castle, Germany Tianshan, China
get a passport apply for a visa book tickets book a hotel room
rent a car buy a guidebook pack some clothes research the local weather

(> 2 Paul and Meilin are talking about the coming holiday. Listen to the first part
of the conversation and choose the correct answers. 0
1 Circle the two places Meilin is going to for holiday. Focus on key words

A Germany. B England. C Iceland. D France. Do not try to catch every word

in a conversation. Instead,
listen for key words and
phrases. You should focus on

. . . jetting the main idea, not on
3 Howis she planning to get around after she arrives? pari ot or grammar.
A By car. B Bytrain. © On foot.

2 Howis she going to get there?
A By sea. B By air. C By train.

€) 3 Listen to the second part of the conversation and answer the questions.

1 Where is Paul’s family going over the holiday?
2 Why are they going there?

() 4 Listen to the whole conversation again and fill in the table below.

— =  Meilin Paul
Preparations
e Get her passport ° a few light
Ly e for her visa sweaters and a coat
e air tickets online ® a guidebook
e acar

24 UNIT 2 TRAVELLING AROUND
5 Choose a travel destination and think about what you would do to prepare to
travel there. Then share your travel plans with a partner.

Where: Neuschwanstein Castle, Germany Where: Jiuzhaigou, China

Why famous: the model for the castle Why famous: amazing waterfalls,
in Disneyland colourful lakes, beautiful mountains
Best time to visit: Best time to visit:
September/October (autumn) April/May or September/October
EXAMPLE

A: Hi, Julie! Do you have any plans for the holiday?

B: Hi, Wang Lei! Yes, I’m planning to travel to Jiuzhaigou. Actually, I’ve just
finished the travel arrangements!

A: Oh, good idea! Jiuzhaigou is an extremely beautiful place.

B: Yes, I’m looking forward to seeing the colourful lakes, amazing waterfalls ...
A: How are you getting ready for your trip?
B

sim...

o Pronunciation

© 1 Listen and repeat. Then add more words to each group.

ck ch tch ph sh th th wh wh ng qu
ticket search catch photo wish thing weather when who song quarter
pack check Dutch graph shock think neither what whose wing request
gu igh kn mb wr E C g g x x

guest high know climb write copy face green large text exam
guide night knee comb wrist local twice blog general except exact

© 2 Listen to the sentences below. Notice the pronunciation of the letters in bold.

1 A traveller without observation is a bird without wings. (Moslih Eddin Saadi)

2 To travel is to discover that everyone is wrong about other countries. (Aldous
Huxley)

3 | see my path, but | don’t know where it leads. Not knowing where |’m going is
what inspires me to travel it. (Rosalia de Castro)

A

UNIT 2 TRAVELLING AROUND

25

- Reading and Thinking

Explore Peru

i |

@) 2

Watch the video Welcome to Peru and answer the questions.

1 What did you see in the video?

2 What other sources of information can you find about Peru?

Below are two texts about Peru. Look through them quickly. What types of text

are they: encyclopedia or brochure?

PERU is a country on the Pacific coast
of South America with three main
areas: narrow, dry, flat land running
along the coast, the Andes Mountains,
and the Amazon rainforest.

In the 1400s and 1500s, Peru was the PACIFIC

centre of the powerful ancient Inca

Empire. The Inca emperor lived in 9 OC HAN 人 Math Picchty and any other
the now-famous site Machu Picchu. | Limae ine Cusco | information that
Spain took control of Peru in the 16th Bn, a might tell you
century and ruled until 1821. It is for 区 what type of text
this reason that Spanish is the main AR “ it is.

| ah

official language of Peru.

0 Recognise text
type

Before you read，
look through the
text quickly for
titles, headers,
pictures, charts,

Amazon Rainforest Tour

2%

A short flight from Cusco takes you
from the Andes into the Amazon
rainforest. From there, you'll spend
one day travelling by boat to your
accommodation in the middle of the
forest. You can then spend three days
exploring the rainforest with a local
guide and enjoying the plants and
animals unique to the rainforest.

Machu Picchu Tour

This four-day walking tour will take you
on amazing paths through the Andes
Mountains on the way to the city of Machu
Picchu. After reaching your destination, you
will have a day to explore and be amazed
by this ancient city. Especially amazing is
the Incas’ dry stone method of building.
Inca builders cut stones to exact sizes so that
nothing was needed to hold walls together
other than the perfect fit of the stones.

Complete the passage with the correct forms of the new words from the two texts.

Cusco is a popular d for tourists, because of its u
of South America. Cusco was the capital city of the Inca E which was the most
powerful in South America until the 1500s. There are two especially interesting things to
a about the Inca civilisation. The first is the roads and p they built to
connect their important cities. These Inca roads were made up of two north-south highways
and many small roads crossing the mountains east to west. The roads were for Inca soldiers
and their o

place in the history

. Second, the Incas built wonderful cities full of amazing architecture—
but there were no markets in these cities. One of the interesting questions of history is how the
Incas lived without shopping!

Read the text and fill in the table. Then discuss the question below with a partner.

AMAZON RAINFOREST CUSCO

Number of days 4 days

Transport
Accommodation “local home
oo cos boating, hiking, Co
Activity wale nature

Which tour(s) would you recommend for people who enjoy history and culture?

Cusco Tour

Spend four days enjoying the unique Spanish
and local Indian culture high in the Andes
at Cusco, the capital of the Inca Empire from
the 13th until the 16th century. Stay in a
local hotel, visit the museums, admire the
architecture, enjoy the excellent local food,
and go shopping at the local markets.

Lake Titicaca Tour

Enjoy the beautiful countryside as you
spend a day driving along the new highway
connecting Cusco to Lake Titicaca. There, a
boat will take you to stay with a local Uros
family on an island for three days. Both
the island and the Uros homes are made of
water plants from the lake.

So come and experience what Peru has to offer: everything from the ancient Inca culture and centuries-old
Spanish villages to deep rainforests, high mountains, and a beautiful coastline.

For more brochures about other package tours around Peru, contact us at tourinfo@travelperu.org.

27

Discovering Useful Structures

Talk about your future plans

1 Look at the sentences. What do you think the tense in the sentences expresses?

e |’m travelling around Europe for two weeks with my aunt and uncle.
e We're renting a car and driving!
e My parents are taking me to Hong Kong during the October holiday.

2 Read the conversation and underline verbs in the present continuous tense.
Discuss with a partner when and how these verbs are used.

Amy: Hello, Jeremy! What are you doing this weekend?

Jeremy: Hi, Amy! Some friends and | are going to that new water park on Saturday. Do you
want to join us?

Amy: Sure, |’d love to! What time and where?
Jeremy: We're meeting at 10:00 a.m. at the bus stop near our school.
Amy: — How about lunch? Are you eating at the water park?

Jeremy: Well, I’m bringing my own lunch. | think some of the others are eating at the park,
but the food there is really expensive.

3 Read the sentences and tick those that express future plans. Rewrite them in the
present continuous tense.

___ I’ve just booked my air ticket! I'll visit my grandparents in December.

___ Gary might visit China next year, but he’s still not sure.

1
2
3 __ Kate has been invited to a meeting in Iceland. She will apply for a visa soon.
4 ___ Could you help me with this box, please? I’m afraid I’m going to drop it.

5

A: Hey, are you free for dinner tonight?
___ B:I’msorry, no. I'll have dinner with my cousins tonight.

4 Discuss weekend plans with a partner, based on the weather report below.

Saturday Sunday

Morning Afternoon Evening Morning Afternoon Evening

20 4 25C } 19°C 4 21°C 4 20°C 和 17C3

weather: sunny © weather: sunny ~~ weather: clear¢ weather: cloudy weather: rainy > weather: cloudy

wind: light ~ wind: light ~ wind: strong = wind: strong = wind: light 一 wind: none
EXAMPLE

A: What are you doing on Saturday morning?

B: Well, it’s going to be sunny in the morning and not very windy, so I’m having a picnic
with my friends.

28 UNIT 2 TRAVELLING AROUND
Listening and Talking

Make reservations

04

Listen to the phone call and answer the questions.

1 What are the two speakers talking about?

2 What is the relationship between the two speakers?
© 2

Listen again and complete the table with the words you hear.

Making reservations

to buy a plane

i 2

Opening can I help you? fcket

Talking about are you On the 23rd of December.

time travelling?
There are two flights ...

‘ Which ? The 9:30 flight, please.

Talking about Would travel to travel

what you prefer —_ business class or economy? business class.

book a return No, . I'm taking
flight this time? the train back.

Other information your name, sir? Robert Williams.

Payment to pay? By credit card.

3 Imagine you are making plans for the holiday. Choose one of the situations
below and role-play a phone call with a partner.

Booking air tickets

Booking a hotel room

Booking a table for dinner

Baal!

wn

he

e Details « Details e Details
travel date(s) check in/check out date
preferred time breakfast time
one-way or return Internet number of people

e Flight class e Kind of room e Special requests
first class 02 single beds non-smoking area
O business class Odouble bed high chairls)
economy class king bed 口 other:

» Special requests
Oa view

e Other information
name
method of payment

a quiet room

a non-smoking room

UNIT 2 TRAVELLING AROUND

29
Reading for Writing

Write to a friend about a travel plan

@) 1 Read Richard’s email to his friend and the brochure that he found. Do you think
his plan sounds interesting? Why?

@e6°e
To: xl@youthlife.com
Ce:
Subject: A travel plan to Xian

0000

Dear Xiao Li,

My time here in China is going well. | love my new school and classmates. Over the
October holiday, my parents and | are planning to go to Xi’an to see the Terracotta
Army. l’ve heard that it is an amazing sight, and | can't wait to go. To me, the story of
the Terracotta Army is almost unbelievable. It’s amazing that there are more than 8,000
statues, and no one in modern times knew about them until the 1970s.

We're also planning to visit several other places in Xian. My dad and | are both
looking forward to going to the Shaanxi History Museum, because my dad loves
history and | have heard that this museum is known as a “Chinese treasure house”!
We're also going to the Xian City Wall and a few other famous sights.

We're taking the train, leaving the day before the October holiday begins. We're arriving at
9:30 a.m. and will start sightseeing right away, so | hope we sleep well on the train!

| guess that's all for now! 川 write again soon and send photos! Do you have any plans for
the coming holiday? Hope to hear from you soon.

Your friend,
Richard

TFT

TERRACOTTA ARMY “” 夯

Come and see the Terracotta Army: more than 8,000 statues were made in
y mb o hinese Emperor Qinshihuangl
| rs to believe that

30 UNIT 2 TRAVELLING AROUND
2 Study the organisation and language features.

1 Summarise the email in the table.

Paragraph Main idea : Detail
1 main purpose for the trip
2 other plans for the trip
3 transport
4 final thoughts

2 Underline the words and phrases used to express emotion in the email. Then complete the
sentences below.

: : : Itis
It is an amazing sight. > ica eee.
: io. | can't believe it.
.is almost unbelievable. > “tehard
党 ， San __ story.

3 Use the tables above to help you write a travel plan. Then follow the steps
below. |

1 Pretend you are Xiao Li and reply to Richard’s email.
2 Exchange drafts. Assess each others work according to the checklist.

~ |s there a clear purpose for the trip?

w Does each paragraph have a clear main idea?

Y Does the writer use the present continuous tense for future plans?
v Does the writer use commas, stops, and question marks correctly?
w Are all the words spelt correctly?

w Are all the proper nouns capitalised?

3 Revise your draft according to your partner’s comments.

4 Put up your email in the classroom or read it to the class.

UNIT 2 TRAVELLING AROUND ”31

Assessing Your Progress

1 Complete the postcard with the correct forms of the words below.

destination sight pack credit detail amazing rent admire

Hi Paul,

Hello from our final ___— —Neuschwanstein Cagtle! We arrived

in Europe about six days ago. I’m go glad that we aoar

The highways here are wonderful, and driving lets you see lots of

amazing ________. [’m also pleaged [| ________ good walking ，

ghoeg, because we've walked A LOT in the last few days. | feel like 200 :
we drive for only a short time and then walk and walk and walk! Deutschland
( think what [1 mostsofaristhe architecture. The : APRESS

__________ on the buildings here are go unusual, go different from
China. Of course, I’m algo enjoying the shopping! | bought gifts for

all of my family and friends. I’m very glad my _____ card worke
here, go | don’t have to carry a lot of money. | hope | can come back
here some day and gee all of these ____—_—placeg again.

Your friend,

Meilin

2 Read the conversation and mark the phrases expressing future plans.

Paul: — Hey Meilin. This is Paul, calling from the Old Town of Lijiang!

Meilin: Hi Paul! You are already in Lijiang?! Great to hear you! So what do you think of the Old
Town there?

Paul: Oh, we love it. You know, it is so different from big cities.

Meilin: Really? How long are you staying there?

Paul: About four days, since my dad has to go back to work next Monday. We arrived
yesterday and visited the Old Town. Tomorrow we’re going to Yulong Snow Mountain.
In order to save time, we’re taking the cable car up there. If we still have time, we’re
planning to see Blue Moon Valley and Yak Meadow.

Meilin: Sounds great! Oh, don’t forget it’s much colder on Snow Mountain. Be sure to keep
warm!

Paul: — Thanks! We're bringing sweaters and coats with us, so | hope we'll be OK. I'll see you in
a few days! Talk to you soon.

Role-play the conversation with a partner. Pay attention to your stress and intonation.

Q REFLECTING
© My favourite part of this unit was because
© In this unit, | had a hard time with because
© | wish | could learn more about because

© Overall, | thought this unit was cool © useful © just OK © difficult.

32 UNIT 2 TRAVELLING AROUND
* Project: Design a travel brochure

1 Read the posts and find out what each student's reason is for travelling.

Hi everybody! I’m Fraser, and I'm from the UK. I’m going to visit China
this year because I'm very interested in China’s history and culture. I'm

going to see the Great Wall, but other than that, I’m not sure where to go.
Any ideas?

Hello! My name is Anthony. I’m from France. | want to go hiking in
China over the summer holiday. | love nature, and | really want to
see the beautiful sights there. The mountains, the sky, the lakes—
the photos I’ve seen of China’s countryside are wonderful.

: Hi! My name is Anna, and I'm from Russia. I've just started my last year
8 of high school, and | want to visit a few universities or colleges in China,
| since | hope to study there next year. | want to experience some Chinese
wy culture and see the natural beauty there, but my main goal is to find out
— which university is the best for me to attend.
—

2 Work in groups. Research, plan, and design a tour.
1 Brainstorm different types of tours and add them to the list below.
e Education e History e Adventure e Culture e Cuisine

2 Choose one person and a tour he/she might like. Work out a week-long travel plan for the tour.

| Time Place Activity

| Day 1
| Day 2
|Day3
| Day 4
|Day5
| Day 6

| Day7

3 Design a travel brochure for the tour. Make your brochure as attractive as possible.

UNIT 2 TRAVELLING AROUND ”33

* Video Time tu

BEFORE YOU WATCH

Complete the sentences with the words and phrases below. You may use a dictionary
to help you.

| magnetic centre Inca civilisation outside world stalls business and money ruins |

Machu Picchu was once part of the

For many years, Machu Picchu was lost to the

Machu Picchu is now made up of ，

People believe that Machu Picchu is a(n) , attracting many tourists
each year.

Apart from being a magical place, Machu Picchu also brings a lot of to Peru.
Local people sell things at to tourists.

hon =

ou

WHILE YOU WATCH
Choose the correct answers.

1 Another name for Machu Picchu is .
A Aguas Calientes B one of the magnetic centres of the ancient world
C the Lost City of the Inca

2 = Machu Picchu was built ,
A in 1911 B more than 500 years ago C 500 years ago

3 Some people worry that too many tourists going to Machu Picchu
A will be bad for the environment B will be bad for business
C will be too noisy

4 The people in the town live completely ，
A on the money from tourism B by selling art C by driving buses

5 Machu Picchu may be changed forever by ‘
A the weather B poverty C tourism

AFTER YOU WATCH
Work in groups. Discuss the questions.

1 Are there any places like Machu Picchu in China? In what ways are they alike?
2 Should tourism be stopped in places like Machu Picchu? Why or why not?

34 UNIT 2 TRAVELLING AROUND
SPORTS AND

ay FITNESS

In this unit, you will
1 read about famous athletes at home and abroad.
2 hear and talk about sports events and
sportsmanship.
3 write about health and fitness.
4 learn about sports and games around the world.

Look and discuss

1 Do you jog often? What sports and
exercise do you like?

2 What do you think sports and exercise can
do for you?
Listening and Speaking

1

0) 2

Would you like
to go to the
soccer game?

Invite a friend to a sports event

Look at the posters. What sports events do you like to watch? Which sport

= TICKETS
| ON SALE
Now

would you like to try?

Do you want to watch
the boxing match?

Beijing International
SOCCER GAME Maratfign Day

3:00 p.m. October 22
Wuhan vs Guangzhou
Wuhan Stadium

Why not run

an exciting

marathon?

How about
watching
| badminton this

afternoon?

No. 8 High School

_ BADMINTON

Sunday, 30 October
Olympic Park, Beijing

Full Marathon and Half Marathon

Listen to Conversation 1. What is Shen Qi's main purpose for talking to Amy?

A To invite Amy to an e-sports event. Y Lictenfor main eae

B To invite Amy to a soccer match. Try to catch the main ideas
instead of trying to remember and

C To explain an e-sports event.
P P translate each word you hear.

Listen to Conversation 1 again and circle the words that the speaker stresses.

Did you hear that there’s an e-sports event this weekend?
Would you like to come along?

Really? I'd love to!

Why don’t you join us this Saturday afternoon?

Oh, sorry. | can’t.

Or 上 OP 一

36 UNIT 3 SPORTS AND FITNESS

() 4 Adamis inviting Julie toa sports event. Listen to Conversation 2 and answer

the questions.

1 When will the event happen?
The event will happen
2 Whats a “Blue Paint” run?
A “Blue Paint” run is a fun run that
3 Why is it called a “Blue Paint” run?
Because people can buy water balloons filled with and

the runners.
4 lf 200 people take part in the run and 400 balloons are sold, how much money will
they collect?

5 What event or activity would you like to invite your friend to? Make a conversation
with a partner.

Track Meet: A great
event for track-and-field
lovers on 26 October.

Gym Class: Come and work out
at a gym! Sweat your way to
good health! You can make it!

Ski Race: Zhangjiakou, a
beautiful city in northern
China, will host the Youth
Ski Race in December.

aaa

1 Read the conversation. Decide whether the intonation of the tag questions is
rising or falling.

Dave: Wonderful gym, isn’t it?

Jack: Er... yes. It’s great.

Dave: This isn’t your first time here, is it?

Jack: Actually, it is. You come here often, don’t you?

Dave: Yep. At least three times a week.

Jack: You've lost some weight, haven’t you?

Dave: Yes. All that fat has become muscle now. If you want to lose weight, too, |
recommend using the spin bike.

Jack: OK, but it won’t make me too tired, will it?

Dave: Maybe at first, but you’ll get used to it. | used to come here every day when |
first started.

Jack: Oh, | don’t have to come here every day, do |?

Dave: No. Of course not. It’s up to you, isn’t it?

LO 2 Listen and check your answers. Then practise it with a partner.

UNIT 3 SPORTS AND FITNESS =. 37

Reading and Thinking

Choose your favourite athlete

Look at the titles and pictures below. What do you think the text is about?

G,

i i — Make predictions

Look at the pictures and think
about the content before
reading. This helps you to
relate what you read to what

@) 1

sienna”

Help us choose some “Living Legends of Sports”. They must be athletes
who are masters in their sports and also set good examples for others.
Here are our first two choices.

Lang Ping

As a player, Lang Ping brought honour and
glory to her country. As a coach, she led the
China women’s volleyball team to medals
at world championships and the Olympics.
As a person, Lang Ping is loved by fans at
home and abroad. When the Chinese team
was preparing for the 2015 World Cup, her
determination was tested. The team that
Lang Ping had built was falling apart. One
of the best players had been injured, and the
team captain had to leave because of heart
problems. Losing two important players was
a big challenge, but Lang Ping did not lose
heart. She had faced difficulties before, and
she knew that her young players could win if
they worked together as a team. Two weeks
later, they were world champions! Then in
2016, Lang Ping led her volleyball team to
Olympic gold in Brazil.

you already know and to
understand the new text.

iis @ .
外
Michael Jordan

When Michael Jordan’s feet left the ground,
time seemed to stand still. The player who
became known as “Air Jordan” changed
basketball with his graceful moves and
jumps. Jordan’s skills were impressive, but
the mental strength that he showed made
him unique. In the final seconds of a game,
Jordan always seemed to find a way to win.
Jordan says that the secret to his success
is learning from his failures. “I can accept
failure; everyone fails at something. But
I can’t accept not trying.” Losing games
taught him to practise harder and never
give up. In life, Jordan has learnt to share
his success with others. The Boys and Girls
Club which he started in Chicago has been
helping young people since 1996.

Send your suggestions for “Living Legends of
Sports” to LLS@sports.net.

38

UNIT 3 SPORTS AND FITNESS

2 Read the text and decide what is stated in the text (S), what can be inferred {I),
and what you know to be true from experience [(E].

___ Lang Ping won several championships before she became a coach.
___ Lang Ping believed that her young players could win.

___ Many people in China and the US love Coach Lang.

__ Michael Jordan is loved by basketball fans around the world.

___ Before people saw Michael Jordan play, they did not know that basketball could be played
that way.

_ Michael Jordan believes that it is important to help others.

3 Read the text again and answer the questions.

How was Lang Ping’s determination tested in the 2015 World Cup?
What examples does the writer use to describe Lang Ping?
What does the first sentence in the paragraph introducing Michael Jordan mean?

OND 一

Why does the writer mention “the final seconds of a game”?

4 Work in groups. Discuss the questions.

1 What reasons does the writer give for choosing Lang Ping and Michael Jordan? Who would
you choose as another “living legend”? Give your reasons.
Yao Ming . >
Chinese
Basketball
226 m
Care for wildlife

2 What can we learn from successful athletes?

5 Use the words and phrases below to talk about Lang Ping, Michael Jordan, and
the athlete that you admire.

athlete champion determination captain bring glory and honour
injured impressive medal unique set a good example
give up _—_ strength graceful failure lose heart

Lang Ping:

Michael Jordan:

The athlete | admire:

UNIT 3 SPORTS AND FITNESS = 39

Discovering Useful Structures

Make small conversations

1 Read the conversations below and underline the tag questions and their answers.
What functions do the tag questions have?

1 Amy: It’s not a real sport, is it?
Shen Qi: Yes, it is.

2 Adam: That sounds interesting, doesn’t it?
Julie: Sure, it does.

3 Lin Tao: Hil It’s a beautiful day, isn’t it?
Han Jing: Yes, it is. I'm going to play soccer. Can you come along and join us?
Lin Tao: Sorry, | can’t. I’ve got to meet my adviser. By the way, our school soccer team
won at last, didn’t they?
Han Jing: No, they didn’t. It’s too bad.

2 Complete the conversations with appropriate tag questions or correct answers.
Then act them out.

1. A: It’s not going to rain, is it?
B: . It’s a good day for sports.
A: Then we can play football, 2
B: . We don’t have a ball.

2 A: It’s Sports Day next Thursday, ?
B: You're right, it is. Let’s ask Xia Lei if she wants to join a team.
A: She likes soccer, 2
B: . But she loves volleyball. She could be in the volleyball team.

3 A: It’s time for badminton class. Where is the coach? Hes late, 2
B: It’s been 10 minutes already. He isn’t coming, 2
A: Cool! We can have a good time. That’s great!
B: Shh!
A: Oh no, he’s right behind me, 2?
C: Yes, | am!

3 Work in pairs. Use tag questions to role-play one of the situations below.

We Need You!

2 +0
To ora on en Building:
( acre \\ October

40 UNIT 3 SPORTS AND FITNESS

EXAMPLE

A: The Sports Day is coming soon, isn’t it?

B: Yes, it is. They need some volunteers, don’t they?
1) A: Yes, they do. ...
Listening and Talking

Voice your opinion on sportsmanship

(>) 1 Three students are talking about sportsmanship. Listen to the conversation
and match each opinion with the right speaker. Who do you agree with? Why?

Cao Jing : Lily Max

A_ Anathlete should do his/her best to win.
B The girl should stop and help the other girl. Good sportsmanship is more important than winning!
C Anathlete should think about honour and his/her fans if he/she is competing for his/her country.

() 2 Listen again and circle the expressions that you hear in the conversation.

Agreeing Disagreeing
I agree. Yes, I think so. Im sorry, but I disagree/don't agree.
So do I. Me too. I don't think so.
Exactly! Sure./Certainly./Of course. That not right.
All right. You're right/correct. That doesnt make any sense!
Good idea. _I guess so. That's not how I see it.

I see what you mean, but ...

3 Work in groups. Choose one of the situations below and make a conversation.
e A soccer player should not pretend to
fall down even if it helps his/her team.

e In school teams, everyone should get a
chance to play, not only the best players.

e It is wrong to pay people millions of
yuan to play sports.

e Athletes should play only for their own
country.

EXAMPLE
A: | agree with the idea that a soccer player should never pretend to fall down even if it
helps his or her team. You should never cheat.
: Exactly! It’s important to do the right thing.
: Well, | don’t think so. Many players do it, and they think it helps their team to win.
: That doesn’t make any sense!
: | see what you mean, but the audience wants fair play.

om>r>oD

UNIT 3 SPORTS AND FITNESS = 41

Reading for Writing

Write a page in a wellness book

™@) 1 A high school class has a wellness book in which they exchange ideas about
health and fitness. Read what Kayla wrote and answer the questions.

。 GOING POSITIVE

© | always wanted to look like the

© slim girls on TV even though |

© knew that it was impossible.

© | worried about my weight

5 and tried every new diet |

_ read about online. | tried no-

WU

。 fat, low-fat, 5:2, only bananas,

a no bananas 一 | almost went

-~ bananas, too.

5

© Then | read an article that said

D instead of asking “Am | fat?” |

© should be asking “Am | fit?” | had no idea a letter could make such a difference! Once ©
© | started thinking about fitness rather than weight, things began to change. Instead
© — of saying “I want to lose three kilos”, | would say “I want to run two kilometres in eight
© minutes” or “I want to be able to do 30 push-ups”. Rather than cutting out the foods |
Q enjoyed, | added healthy foods to my meals. | could still have a burger now and then,
2 but | would add a salad or an apple.

2 Finally, | stopped comparing myself with actresses and models and looking for things
号 that were wrong with my face or body. Instead, | made a list of the things | liked
~ about myself. By being positive about myself and my body, | became both happier

and healthier.

Oo

1 What problem did Kayla have in the past?
2 What does the sentence "1 almost went bananas” mean?
3 What made her change her thinking?

2 Study the organisation and language features.

1 Complete the outline with the words and phrases from the text.

The past The present
worried about and tried - _ «> think about — ae
compared myself with >

2 Underline the words and phrases used in the text to show similarities and differences.

42 UNIT 3 SPORTS AND FITNESS
3 Write a page for a class wellness book.

1 Work in groups. Discuss the questions below.

Exercise Stress
What can you do to make exercise How can you plan your work and
like jogging more enjoyable? make sure that you also have time

to rest and relax?

Self-confidence Food
What can you do to become more
confident and feel better about
yourself?

How can you make your meals
healthier?

2 Use the ideas from your discussion to list some positive changes.

rr

| ¢ What you used to do/do now and results: _ © Useful expressions to show similarities
and differences

_ like so too - still similarly
_ similarto the same (... as ...)
|| incommon (with) both... and...

What you do now/will do in the future
and possible results:

| instead than however/but/though
| different from rather than
instead of _ the difference is ...

3 Write a short paragraph to describe and explain your changes.

重

s Start with a general statement about the topic and your situation.

s Tell the reader about how and why you changed or want to change.

e Describe the changes and compare the (possible) results.

s Tell the reader how the changes have improved or will improve your life. iy

4 Exchange drafts. Use the checklist to give feedback on your partner's draft.
~ Does the writer explain why he/she changed/wants to change?
w Does the writer tell how the changes have improved or will improve his/her life?
w Is the text well-organised?
v Does the writer use words and expressions to show similarities and differences?
w Are there any grammar or spelling errors?
~ Does the writer use correct punctuation?

5 Get your draft back and revise it.

4 Collect the entries for a class wellness book.

UNIT 3 SPORTS AND FITNESS = 43

Assessing Your Progress

1 Read the passage and find suitable words for the blanks.
compete cheating master pretending events failure audience stress

Sports play a very valuable role in children’s lives. Children who in a sport will
learn how to deal with , because even though they work hard to

the skills needed for a sport, it does not mean they will always win. Sports also help children
see that is foolish. In sports, there is no use to fall down or be hurt,
because in the end, the will see through it. Taking part in sports is
fun but not always easy, so it helps children learn how to deal with , something
that everyone must learn to face in life.

2 Complete the conversation with appropriate tag questions or answers.

A: There’s a basketball game at our school this Saturday, 2

B: Yeah, our school is playing against No. 2 Senior High School.

A: Oh, good! | really want to see our team play. | missed the last game. You went, didn’t you?
B

: Oh, yes, ! It was a great game. So you’re planning to go this Saturday,
?3 Do you want to go together?

A: Sure! I’d love to. What time shall we meet?

B: Well, the game starts at 1:00 p.m., so | can come to your home at 12:30 and we can walk
to school together. You'll be coming from home, won’t you?

A: No, . I'll be at the library all morning studying for that big test on Monday.
B: Oh, then why don’t we meet outside the library at 12:15?

A: |’ll need to stop at the noodle restaurant and get something to eat before the game. You
wouldn’t mind, 2?

B: Not at all. I've never said no to food, ? How about meeting at 12:00, going
there for lunch together, and then heading to the game?

A: Sounds great!

Act out the conversation with a partner.
QREFLECTING

© In your opinion, what are the most useful words and expressions you learnt in this unit?
© Do you think the grammar in this unit is more useful in spoken or written English?

人 @@ Do you think sports are a valuable part of life? Why or why not?

®@ Overall, | thought this unit was (©) cool © useful ©just OK © difficult.

44 UNIT 3 SPORTS AND FITNESS
* Project: Make a survey on sports interests and needs

Your school wants to start some new sports clubs. Which clubs would best fit students’
interests and needs? Do a survey and write up the survey results.

1 Work in groups of five. Read the questions below and then add one more that
you would like to ask your classmates.

1 What is your favourite sport?

2 At what time of day do you like to do sports?

3 How often do you every week?

4 How long 2
5 2

2 Each group member chooses three classmates and asks the questions from
the list above. Write down their answers in the table.
Question 1 Question 2 Question 3 Question 4 Question 5
Student 1
Student 2
Student 3

3 Use the data to write up the survey results. Be sure to include the following
points.
e The questions you asked
e The results of the survey

e Your suggestions to the school, based on the survey results

4 Work in groups. Complete your report.

EXAMPLE

This week, our group of five students did a survey of our classmates to find out what
sports interests and needs our students have. We hope that the results of our survey
will be useful to the school in deciding what new sports clubs should be set up.

The first question we asked was, “What is your favourite sport?” Eight out of 15
students said that playing one-on-one sports is their favourite way to get exercise,

like ping-pong or badminton. Five out of 15 said that they prefer team sports, such as
football. Only two said that they like to exercise alone, such as jogging or walking.
Our second question was ...

六

AN

UNIT 3 SPORTS AND FITNESS 45

46

BEFORE

Read the introduction of karsts and discuss the questions below.

Karsts are rock formations made of limestone. They have been
sculpted by wind and water and millions of years of erosion into
these beautiful natural sculptures. One of the most famous places
in the world for karsts is Guilin. The karsts there provide a lot of
exciting opportunities to rock climbers.

1 Would you like to have a go at karst climbing? Why or why not?
2 What can rock climbing bring to climbers?
WHILE YOU WATCH

Complete the sentences below with the adjectives in the box.

amazing natural adventurous spectacular unexplored gymnastic

1 For me, it’s important not just to go and see these landscapes but to interact
with them, too.

2 The stone here offers up , athletic movement, but it can also be very
sometimes dangerous, but always beautiful.

3 This is what we love to do 一 to come to these beautiful areas and climb and
explore and push ourselves mentally and physically. :

4 China is relatively and new to climbers and to adventurers who want to go out
and see something new and

AFTER YOU WATCH

Work in groups. Discuss the questions.

1 Describe your feelings after watching the video. How are they the same as or different from
the feelings the climber describes when he talks about climbing the karsts?

2 What is your opinion of extreme sports such as rock climbing? Is it something worthwhile
to do? Why or why not?

UNIT 3 SPORTS AND FITNESS
Listening and Speaking

Report natural disasters

gs 1 Watch the video Natural Disasters and look at the photos. Do you know what
these disasters are? Write down their names.

© 2 Listen to the news reports and tick the disasters that you hear.
) earthquake © tornado © wildfire © drought

> landslide > tsunami > flood © volcanic eruption

() 3 Circle the key word(s) in the questions below and 人 far detaile |
write the kind of information they refer to. Then |

: 站 Think about what you are
listen again and answer the questions. :

listening for before you
listen: numbers, dates, times,
addresses, activities, people
or places, reasons, etc

Question Type of information Answer

1 Whabwas the magnitude of the earthquake in Ecuador? number

2 How many people were killed or injured in Ecuador?

3 Where are the floods?

4 What are the rescue workers and soldiers doing in the flood-hit area?
5 When did people see the tornado in Memphis?

6 Which buildings were damaged in Seoul?

7 What caused the landslide in Seoul?

48 UNIT 4 NATURAL DISASTERS
4 Read about the disasters below and prepare a short news report on one of

them. Then present your news report to a partner.

Earthquake

Wenchuan, China

* 14:28 Monday, 12 May

» Magnitude 7.8 (8.0)

» At least 8,500 killed (by 13
May)

» Rescue workers (medical
teams, troops, volunteers,

Wildfire

Alberta, Canada

* Began on 1 May

* 2,400 homes destroyed

« Almost 88,000 people
evacuated

* Hundreds of firefighters arrived

* Planes, helicopters used to

Flood

Colombo, Sri Lanka

» Began in May

* 82 killed, 500,000 affected

» Rescue teams provided food
and water

* Shelters set up by the

government

etc.) organised quickly fight the fire

s* No deaths, no injuries

EXAMPLE
Good morning. Today is 13 May. A huge earthquake hit Wenchuan, China yesterday afternoon ...

EO ~ af ioe

o Pronunciation

全 1 Listen and repeat. Pay attention to the letters in bold.

etend death
ecampus amaze
eevents friends

e pipe brick
ethink they
etruly draw

efond view
e French bridge

ekeen glory
e flash garage

2 Read the words aloud. Pay attention to the pronunciation of the -ed endings.
Then write the words in the boxes.

begged breathed described concentrated confused debated
exchanged helped laughed learned depended embarrassed
pretended reserved shocked viewed | watched wished

it/ /d/ /id/

QO 3 Listen to the words in each box and repeat.
Ne

UNIT 4 NATURAL DISASTERS 49
Reading and Thinking

Describe a natural disaster
1 Work in pairs. Discuss what can happen to a city during a big earthquake.

™@) 2 Look at the title and photo below and guess what the text is about. Then read
and check if you are right.

THE NIGHT THE EARTH DIDN’T SLEEP

Strange things were happening in the countryside of northeastern Hebei. For several days,
the water in the village wells rose and fell, rose and fell. There were deep cracks that
appeared in the well walls. At least one well had some smelly gas coming out of it. Chickens
and even pigs were too nervous to eat, and dogs refused to go inside buildings. Mice ran out
of the fields looking for places to hide, and fish jumped out of the water. At about 3:00 a.m.,
on 28 July 1976, bright lights were seen in the sky outside the city of Tangshan and loud
noises were heard. But the city’s one million people were asleep as usual that night.

At 3:42 a.m., everything began to shake. It seemed as if the world were coming to an end!
Eleven kilometres directly below the city, one of the most deadly earthquakes of the 20th
century had begun, a quake that even caused damage more than 150 kilometres away in
Beijing. Nearly one third of the whole nation felt it! A huge crack, eight kilometres long
and 30 metres wide, cut across houses, roads, and waterways. Hard hills of rock became
rivers of dirt. In less than one minute, a large city lay in ruins. Two thirds of the people
who lived there were dead or injured. Thousands of children were left without parents. The
number of people who were killed or badly injured in the quake was more than 400,000.

Everywhere survivors looked, there was nothing but ruins. Nearly everything in the city
was destroyed. About 75 percent of the city’s factories and buildings, 90 percent of its
homes, and all of its hospitals were gone. Bricks covered the ground like red autumn
leaves, but no wind could blow them away. Most bridges had fallen or were not safe to
cross. The railway tracks were now useless pieces of metal. Tens of thousands of cows,
hundreds of thousands of pigs, and millions of chickens were dead. Sand now filled the
wells instead of water. People were in shock—and then, later that afternoon, another big
quake shook Tangshan again. Even more buildings fell down. Water, food, and electricity
were hard to get. People began to wonder how long the disaster would last.

But hope was not lost. Soon after the quakes, the army sent 150,000 soldiers to Tangshan
to dig out those who were trapped and to bury the dead. More than 10,000 doctors and
nurses came to provide medical care. Workers built shelters for survivors whose homes
had been destroyed. Hundreds of thousands of people were helped. Water and food were
brought into the city by train, truck, and plane. Slowly, the city began to breathe again.

Tangshan started to revive itself and get back up on its feet. With strong support from the
government and the tireless efforts of the city's people, a new Tangshan was built upon the
earthquake ruins. The new city has become a home to more than seven million people, with
great improvements in transportation, industry, and environment. Tangshan city has proved
to China and the rest of the world that in times of disaster, people must unify and show the
wisdom to stay positive and rebuild for a brighter future.

3 Read the text carefully and then write down the main idea of each paragraph.

Paragraph 1: Warning gigng before the earthquake.

Paragraph 2:
Paragraph 3: Y Use context to
Paragraph 4: understand new words

When you see a word you do
Paragraph 5: not know, do not stop and :
look it up in a dictionary. If ;

; ou continue reading, the
4 Scan the text and find the words below. Guess what aes will saat help you

they mean from the context. understand what it means.

ssa

ruin brick trap bury

5 Read the sentences describing what happened after a huge earthquake.
Complete the sentences with the correct forms of the new words and phrases
from the text.

1 The huge earthquake left nearly the whole city

2 Everyone was , thinking the world must be coming to an end.
3 Millions of people were left without water, food, or
4

Soldiers and volunteers worked as hard as they could to pull away and
rocks, and rescue those who were under the ruins.

5 Some were found alive, though they were suffering from terrible injuries, but others had
already stopped when they were discovered.

6 A few buildings were still standing, but people were afraid to use them as shelters,
worrying they would be if the buildings fell.
6 Read the text again and answer the questions.

1 What were some of the strange things happening before the earthquake? Do you think they
were warning signs? Why or why not?

What does the writer mean by “Slowly, the city began to breathe again”?
What kind of help do you think people who have suffered an earthquake need?
7 Work in groups. Discuss the questions.

1 What do you think helped in the revival of Tangshan city?

2 What other cities or towns have gone through similar changes? What lessons can we learn
from these events?

Discovering Useful Structures

Describe pictures of disasters

1 Find and underline the restrictive relative clauses in the sentences below.
What function do the restrictive relative clauses have?

» The Tangshan earthquake was a terrible experience that my great-grandma cannot forget.

» The couple who live next to us volunteered to help after the volcano erupted.

» The supplies which were provided to the disaster area were collected from around the country.
» Mr Liis an architect whose designs for the new town have won praise.

» Adoctor with whom James used to work died in the 2016 earthquake in Ecuador.

Find more sentences with restrictive relative clauses from the text on page 50.

2 Complete each sentence with that, which, who, whose, whom, or “/”. Then
translate the sentences into Chinese.

1 Here are some of the people homes were destroyed by the typhoon.
The terrible shaking of the building woke up all the people were asleep.

The next day, people put up shelters in the open air using anything they
could find.

4 Several days later, most of the buildings had been damaged by the hurricane
were repaired.

The injured boy mother was lost in the disaster was taken to the hospital.
The woman wrote a thank-you letter to the soldier by she was rescued.

Is this the young boy saved several other students trapped under buildings?

3 Work with a partner. Take turns to ask each other about the pictures. Make
sentences with restrictive relative clauses using that, which, who, whose, or
whom.

EXAMPLE

A: What's the rescue worker doing?

B: She’s feeding the baby who survived the earthquake.

52 UNIT 4 NATURAL DISASTERS
Listening and Talking

Prepare for a disaster

() 1 Mrs Fors is a rescue worker. She and her dog, Lucky, are visiting a senior high
school. Listen to the conversation and complete the table below.

Before anearthquake = Make a safety list of : ,and

| x oe Remember to “ ; , and m
During anearthquake  Gotoa(n) spaceawayfom
(outdoors) ______, or power lines.
After an earthquake Use a(n) to get help.
(if you’re trapped) Tap on a pipe or or whistle for help.

2 Work in pairs. Choose a disaster and prepare a list of safety instructions. The
expressions below may help you.

Giving instructions

* First/First of all, you should ... » Cover your ... » Call an emergency number.
» Stay calm. » Listen to the news. ~© Stay away from ...

» Don't drive or walk outside. » Move to a safe place. » Make sure ...

* Collect water and food if you can. - Finally, ... » Stay indoors.

3 Having an emergency kit prepared is also very important. Look at the
emergency supplies below. Discuss with a partner what else you would add.

33 = aes
Re 4 2 P Sy, ~ whistle ®
SUPPLIES . “radio
$ Waranq seh * flashlight > first aid kit

4 Report to the class the safety instructions you listed and then explain what
emergency supplies people should keep on hand.

EXAMPLE

If you find yourself in danger from a forest fire, first of all, stay calm. Cover your face with ...
Then go to a safer place if you can. ...

Now for our emergency supplies, we would suggest always having on hand enough water
and food for three days, a radio, ...

UNIT 4 NATURAL DISASTERS 53
Reading for Writing

Write a summary

@) 1

Read the news report released the day after a tsunami and answer the

questions.

OVER 6,500 DEAD

By Robert Woodhouse Monday, 27 December 2004

The most powerful earth-
quake in the past 40 years
caused a tsunami that crashed
into coastlines across Asia
yesterday, killing more than
6,500 people in Indonesia,
India, Thailand, Malaysia, and
at least four other countries.
Fishermen, tourists, hotels,
homes, and cars were swept
away by huge waves caused
by the strong earthquake that
reached a magnitude of 9.0.
The undersea quake struck
around 7:00 a.m., Sunday off
the west coast of Indonesia’s
Sumatra Island. In that area

alone, at least 1,870 people
were killed.

In Sri Lanka, some 1,600
kilometres west of the quake
centre, the number of deaths
stood at 2,498, and one million
more were affected by the
tsunami, government officials
said. Indian officials said as
many as 1,900 had been killed
along the southern coast.
Another 254 were found dead
in Thailand and 54 in three
other countries. In southern
Thailand, 1,900 people were
hurt and many more were
missing, local officials said.

1 When did the tsunami happen?

2 What caused the tsunami?

3 Why would it be difficult to deliver food and supplies?

54 — UNIT 4 NATURAL DISASTERS

The Daily News

hae

“T was having breakfast with
my three children when water
started filling my home. We
had to leave everything and
run to safety,” said Chandra
Theeravit, a local Thai woman.
Thousands of people are
still missing, and the number
of deaths is expected to grow
even higher over the next few
days. Foreign aid is being
organised for the tsunami-hit
countries. However, dangerous
conditions and damaged
roads will make it difficult to
deliver food and supplies.

2 Read the summary of the news report. Check the main points it includes.

Summary: On 26 December 2004, a tsunami killed more than 6,500 tourists, fishermen, and other
locals in Southeast Asia. Thousands of people are missing and the number of deaths is expected

to grow. The damage caused by the tsunami is making it difficult for rescue workers to help the

survivors.
i Asummary is a short j
ms came ‘iid event statement of main act
| i A summary paragraph tells
_— Sites following wen the main ideas and the most

important information of a
longer passage.

3 Follow the steps below to write a summary for the text on page 50.

1 Read the text and write a list of the main details.

Strange things happened in the countryside before the earthquake.

¢ An earthquake hit China on 28 July 1976.

2 Write down the main idea of each paragraph based on the details above.
3 Organise the ideas and draft your summary. Pay attention to the following:

A

e Asummary should be around one third the length of the original text.
e Write down the key supporting points for the topic.
sa Do not include unimportant details or examples.
四
4 Exchange drafts. Use the checklist to give feedback on your partners draft.
~ Does the summary give you a clear idea of what the text is about?
w Does the summary include only the most important information of the text?
~ Is the summary the proper length?
w Are there any spelling or punctuation errors?
~ Does the writer use correct tenses?
5 Get your draft back and revise it.

4 Put up your summary in the classroom or read it to the class.

UNIT 4 NATURAL DISASTERS — 55

Assessing Your Progress

1 Circle the correct word in each sentence.

The tornado that hit Mississippi last week caused a lot of damage/destroy.

The mother thanked the rescue/save worker who found her baby.

According to experts, the volcano could crash/erupt this week.

Thousands of people are suffering/trapping from illnesses after the disaster.

An emergency delverysupply of food was transported to the area by the army.
The earthquake a‘fected/effected an area of several hundred square kilometres.

During a natural disaster, the most important thing is to keep calrn/quiet.

On Oat WD 一

“She's still breathing/surviving! Come and help me dig her out!” shouted the soldier.

2 Read the passage and fill in the blanks with relative pronouns.

The people live in Wenchuan
county will never forget the day 12 May, 2008. The
8.0-magnitude earthquake

killed over 80,000 people and left many more
injured turned many towns and counties into
ruins. The rescue work

followed was carried out by people from all
over the country, and even abroad.

Now, more than 10 years on, the people suffered the earthquake are living a
new life. Many live in new towns are earthquake-safe, in local communities

have been beautifully rebuilt by the government. The people will never forget
those rescued them and helped them rebuild their home. Out of gratitude,
many young adults were students during the earthquake have chosen
to study medicine or join the army in a wish to help more people. Wenchuan, the county

was completely destroyed and then completely rebuilt, has become a
symbol of the Chinese spirit of never giving up.

(REFLECTING

© What did you learn about natural disasters in this unit that you did not know before?
@ What else do you want to know about natural disasters?

© What did you find the most difficult in this unit?

加 What in this unit motivated you most?

© Overall, | thought this unit was () interesting ©) useful ©) so-so ©) difficult.

56 UNIT 4 NATURAL DISASTERS
* Project: Give a presentation on natural disasters

1 BRAINSTORM: Work in groups of three or four. Choose one of the natural
disasters below and brainstorm answers to the questions.
earthquake
typhoon/hurricane
tornado
landslide/snowslide
wildfire
tsunami

Volcanic eruption

drought

flood

Understanding the disaster

Are there any known causes of the disaster? What can be done to prevent it?
Preparing for the disaster

What are the possible effects of the disaster? What can be done to prepare for it?

In the event of a disaster

What can you do to stay safe during the disaster? What kind of help do survivors need?

2 RESEARCH: Which questions do you not know the answers to? Which ones do you
need more information on? Use the Internet or your school library to find out more.

3 ORGANISE: Put together a presentation using the information you have
gathered. Use the tips below to help you.

© Start your presentation with a “hook” (a story or fact to catch the attention of your
listeners).
On Monday, 5 September 20XX 600 people disappeared when ...

¢ Reduce your ideas to three main points to help listeners remember what you say.
So always remember to drop, cover, and hold on. ...
se Prepare visual aids for your presentation (photos, charts, tables, etc.).

4 PRESENT: Give a group presentation to your class.

UNIT 4 NATURAL DISASTERS = 57

58

Tsunami: Killer Wave

; Tsunami waves can strike out of nowhere
和 cause a lot of destruction. Scienti

- study and track tsunamis in order to wa
people and minimise deaths. :

BEFORE

Read the sentences about the formation and effects of tsunamis. Then match
each sentence with the correct picture.

A Tectonic plates push together.

B Aseries of waves expands in all directions.

C Whole sections of cities are destroyed.

2 Circle the correct word(s) in each sentence.

1 An earthquake occurs when plates below the earth’s surface push together/pull apart.

1 WHILE °

i]

| 1 Decide whether the statements are true [T) or false (F).

| 1 There are few warning signs just before a tsunami hits. a3 F

| 2 Atsunami breaks just like an ordinary wave but is bigger. TO FL
: 3 Scientists at the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center monitor the earth’s

| movements 24 hours a day in order to track tsunamis. in:

|

Fy

2 Tsunami waves deep at sea move fast and rise only a few/hundreds of feet.
3 As these killer waves enter shallow waters, their speed is reduced/raised.
4 Most tsunami damage is caused when the waves come in frorm/move back out to the sea.

AFTER
Work in pairs. Discuss the questions.

1 What have you learnt about tsunamis?
2 What kind of help do you think people who have suffered from a tsunami need?

UNIT 4 NATURAL DISASTERS
UNIT

中 mn ma
eat

ie a wi 公有 PI

aed

ho | wore:

Listening and Speaking

Explore languages around the world

1 Before you listen, match each photo with the correct country name. Then
discuss which languages are spoken in these countries.

France Russia Germany Spain Canada India

() 2 Listen to a speech and tick the two languages with the most native speakers.
Circle the official languages of the United Nations (UN).

© Russian © Chinese © Korean © Japanese

© Spanish © Arabic © English © French

() 3 Listen to the speech again and answer the questions.

1 What is the main topic of this speech?
2 How many languages are there in the world?

3 How many billion people speak the UN’s official languages as their native or second
language?

4 What is the attitude of the speaker towards foreign language learning?

() 4 Listen to the speech again. What do the italicised 化

d fer to in th > Reference |

words refer to in the sentences? Pronouns (it, they, she, etc.) i

wo . . refer to something or somebody q

1 They think it means better job chances in the future. mentioned moder Pay attention to |

2 They are spoken by around 2.8 billion people ... the context of words to help you
understand what the pronouns
refer to.

60 UNIT 5 LANGUAGES AROUND THE WORLD

5 Work in pairs or groups. Discuss which other language(s) you want to learn and why.

My father is doing business with 1 like watching Japanese cartoons, Perhaps 1 should study French. 1
Russians. 1 like to learn Russian 50 Ta like to learn Japanese. think it sounds beautiful, and 1
sol can help him in the future. ie know it’s used in many countries.

EXAMPLE

A: What language do you want to study?

B: | really want to study French. | think that the French language sounds beautiful.
A: Why? Do you want to go to France some day?
B

: Yes, ld love to. Also, French is used by many international organisations around the
world. Do you know that FIFA‘s full name is in French?

A: Oh, | remember that. But | don‘t know how to pronounce it.

|

1 Work in pairs. Read the words to each other and see if you pronounce
them differently.

[_| schedule hostile either address
direct laboratory advertisement shone

() Listen and pay attention to how the speakers pronounce them.

2 Listen to the paragraph read by two different speakers. Which speaker
has a British accent and which has an American accent?

English is a crazy language. There is no egg in eggplant nor ham in hamburger; neither
apple nor pine in pineapple. English muffins weren’t invented in England or French fries
in France. Sweetmeats are candies while sweetbreads, which aren’t sweet, are meat.
... We find that quicksand can work slowly, boxing rings are square, and a guinea pig
is neither from Guinea nor is it a pig. And why is it that writers write but ... hammers
don’t ham? (Richard Lederer)

J

UNIT 5 LANGUAGES AROUND THE WORLD “61

Reading and Thinking

62

Explore the Chinese writing system

1 Look at the title and picture below. Predict what the text will be about.

™@) 2 Read the text quickly to find the main idea of each paragraph.

THE CHINESE WRITING SYSTEM:
CONNECTING THE PAST AND THE PRESENT

China is widely known for its ancient civilisation which has continued all the way through into
modern times, despite the many ups and downs in its history. There are many reasons why this
has been possible, but one of the main factors has been the Chinese writing system.

At the beginning, written Chinese was a picture-based language. It dates back several thousand
years to the use of Jonggu—animal bones
and shells on which symbols were carved
by ancient Chinese people. Some of the
ancient symbols can still be seen in today’s
hanzi.

By the Shang Dynasty (around 1600-
1046 BCE), these symbols had become a
well-developed writing system. Over the
years, the system developed into different
forms, as it was a time when people
were divided geographically, leading to
many varieties of dialects and characters.
This, however, changed under Emperor
Qinshihuang of the Qin Dynasty (221-207
BCE).

Emperor Qinshihuang united the seven major states into one unified country where the Chinese
writing system began to develop in one direction. That writing system was of great importance in
uniting the Chinese people and culture. Even today, no matter where Chinese people live or what
dialect they speak, they can all still communicate in writing.

Written Chinese has also become an important means by which China’s present is connected
with its past. People in modern times can read the classic works which were written by Chinese
in ancient times. The high regard for the Chinese writing system can be seen in the development
of Chinese characters as an art form, known as Chinese calligraphy, which has become an
important part of Chinese culture.

Today, the Chinese writing system is still an important part of Chinese culture. As China plays

a greater role in global affairs, an increasing number of international students are beginning to
appreciate China’s culture and history through this amazing language.

UNIT 5 LANGUAGES AROUND THE WORLD
Y

3 Scan the text to find the words and phrases Scan

that describe a time. Then write down what Scanning is looking at the

happened at each of those important times. text quickly to find specific
information, such as dates
or numbers.

4 Read the text again and discuss the questions.

1 How did written Chinese unify Chinese people divided by geography and dialects?
2 How does written Chinese connect Chinese people today with those of the past?

3 According to the writer, the Chinese writing system is one factor that has helped the
Chinese language and culture survive. What do you think are some of the other factors?

5 Complete the passage with the correct
words and phrase below.

system carving means
dates back classic civilisation

China’s . It is difficult to say when
exactly calligraphy started. Chinese writing was
first done by symbols onto bones

and shells, but as it developed into a writing

, it also developed as a form of art
done with a brush. It is believed that Chinese
calligraphy to at least the Han
Dynasty (202 BCE-220 CE). Soon after that,
the idea developed that calligraphy was not only
a beautiful art form but also a of
showing the character of the “man behind the
brush”. Today, anyone from small children to old
people can enjoy practising the art of
Chinese calligraphy.

|
|
Chinese calligraphy has developed along with

6 Guess the meaning of the underlined words in the sentences. Then look in
the text for the words they are related to.

1 Many Chinese characters symbolise their meanings, unlike English words which are spelt
out according to how they sound.

2 The basic forms of the English writing system are known as letters.
A unified writing system is considered to be an important part of civilised society.
4 Learning Chinese calligraphy will increase your appreciation of Chinese culture.

wo

UNIT 5 LANGUAGES AROUND THE WORLD ”63

Discovering Useful Structures

Describe your favourite things

1 Look at these sentences and underline the restrictive relative clauses. What
kind of information does each clause communicate?

* It was a time when people were divided geographically.

e Emperor Qinshihuang united the seven major states into one unified country where the
Chinese writing system began to develop in one direction.

*。 There are many reasons why people learn a foreign language.

* These were animal bones and shells on which symbols were carved by ancient Chinese
people.

2 Fill in the table to complete each phrase with a restrictive relative clause.
Then use the phrases to make complete sentences.

the day when the reason why

the place where the place/time __in/at which

3 Complete the passage with the correct relative adverbs or pronouns. Add a
preposition where necessary.

When | started studying German, it was a struggle. The words felt strange on my tongue,
and the grammar would not stay in my head. | told my mum that | wanted to give up, and
that | would never live in a country German was spoken. My mum told me that
studying a language was not just for my future. It was exercise for the brain; the more | learnt of
a language, the more my brain would grow. And | remember that day | suddenly
felt like German was no longer a foreign language. It felt like my brain had doubled in size. | had
finally come to a place | could think in this foreign language, and | could see the
world from a different point of view. | felt as if | had reached the goal | had been
fighting for. | could open a book and see meanings, not just a sea of words. | finally understood
the reason my mum had encouraged me not to give up. Thanks, Mum!

4 Work in pairs. Ask and answer the questions.

64 UNIT 5 LANGUAGES AROUND THE WORLD

Listening and Talking

Explore different kinds of English
() 1. Listen to the first part of the talk. What are the different kinds of English
mentioned?

() 2. Listen to the second part of the talk. What are the two pairs of words that the
student is confused by? Tick them in the boxes.

semester/term restroom/toilet gas/petrol subway/underground

3 Look at the pairs of words below. Which words are British English and which are
American English? Try to think of more pairs of words like these.

Be it F B

petrol sweet toilet honour mum flat
gas candy restroom honor mom apartment

4 Read and role-play the conversation. What misunderstanding has happened?

Martin: Hey, Zhou Wei, do you want to go shopping? There's a sale at my favourite store.
Zhou Wei: Oh, yes! | really need to buy some pants.

Martin: Pants? That’s funny. | don’t usually go shopping with my friends for pants.
Zhou Wei: You don’t? Don’t you like to have somebody tell you if the pants look good or not?

Martin: Er... Not really ... Hey, wait, do you mean trousers—what you and | are
wearing on our legs right now?

Zhou Wei: Oh, yes. That’s what | mean by pants! That’s American English, isn’t it?

Martin: Yes, it is! | knew what you meant, by the way. | was just joking with you. Did you
know that in British English, “pants” means something very different?

Zhou Wei: Really? So what does it mean?
Martin: In British English, the word “pants” means underwear. ...

5 Choose one or two pairs of words in Activity 3 and make a conversation. The
expressions below may help you.

Asking for clarification

Do you mean ..? Does that mean ...? Im sorry. What does ... mean?
Im sorry. Would you mind repeating ..? — I beg your pardon. —
So am I right in saying ...? So what youre really saying is ...

UNIT 5 LANGUAGES AROUND THE WORLD ”65

Reading for Writing

Write a blog about English study

™@) 1 Read these posts from an online forum for Chinese students who are learning
English and fill in the table on page 67.

Learning English Q boon

Hi! I've been studying English since primary school. | used to get high marks
in English, but now I’m having a lot of trouble with my listening. When | listen
to native English speakers talking in a video, | can catch only a few words. |
can never quite get the main idea. Any advice?

Listening to English radio programmes helps me get used to how fast native
speakers talk. | also repeat what | hear to help myself to experience the
feeling of the language. Sometimes | even record my voice so | can listen
to myself and compare my pronunciation with the radio host's! My biggest
headache is how to be polite in English. It's so much easier to just say “Open
the window!”, but in English that can sound really terrible. | have to think
about who hm talking to and then decide whether to say, “Open the window,
please!” or “Could you open the window, please?” or even longer “Would you
mind opening the window, please?”

Yeah, that’s really hard! | think it all depends on who you're talking to. If I’m
talking to a close friend, | can use short requests, like “Open the window 一 our
relationship is close and we're equals, so | only need a few words to bridge
the gap between us. But if I’m talking to someone who isn’t very close to me, |
must make my request longer—and | must make it a question, not a demand,
e.g., “Could you open the window, please?” If I’m talking to someone senior
to me, then | should say, “Would you mind opening the window, please?” For
me, vocabulary is my biggest problem—there are just SO MANY new words!
| can't keep all the new vocabulary straight in my head, and | certainly can’t
remember how to use them all properly. HELP!

M23 450 7..2+

66 UNIT 5 LANGUAGES AROUND THE WORLD
2 Work in groups. List your problems in learning English and brainstorm some
useful advice.

| cannot understand the teacher’s Engligh
in clas.

3 Choose one of the problems from your group discussion and write a blog about it.

1 Describe the problem clearly.
2 Write one or two ideas on how to solve the problem.
3 Exchange drafts. Assess each others work according to the checklist.

Does the writer give a clear description of the problem?
Is the advice clearly explained?

Does each sentence relate to the main idea?

Does the writer use pronouns to refer to things or people correctly?

Does the writer use correct spelling, punctuation, and capitalisation?

Are there any grammar mistakes? |
和 |

4 Get your draft back and revise it.

4 Putup your writing in the classroom or read it to the class.

UNIT 5 LANGUAGES AROUND THE WORLD 67

Assessing Your Progress

1 Read the first part of a passage and find suitable words for the blanks.

attitude classic point of view civilisation
despite native related to struggle

Part! The first foreign language | ever learnt was French, but it didn’t go very well. My mother
asked our neighbour to teach me when | was seven. French wasn’t his language,
but he used to live in France, so he could speak a little. However, his help, | learnt
very little French. | just didn’t feel that it my daily life in any way, so | didn’t try.
When | entered senior high school, my towards language learning changed. |
had to learn Latin, which I’ve always been interested in because | want to study law. For this
reason, learning Latin wasn’t a for me like learning French. Soon | began to read

books in Latin. It certainly wasn’t easy, but | got to read lots of interesting stories
about ancient . Reading those books opened a window for me to another world
and gave me a new on my own world.

2 Read the second part of the passage and combine the words in the two boxes
to complete the restrictive relative clauses.

building class day way someone when in which where who _ that

Part 中 | became interested in learning more languages aside from English. Then | saw
an advertisement that offered a wonderful summer course in German, and that was the

| decided to take on a new language. The we met for classes was
quite small, but there was a whole world of language to explore. Our teacher was Mrs Haus:
a tall, thin, quiet, grey-haired lady. |’ll never forget the first she introduced herself

to us. She never once raised her voice, but as soon as she began to speak, the room fell
silent. What was the reason? Because Mrs Haus LOVED German language and culture — and
everybody who was in her classes couldn't help but love the language, too. We all loved the

she talked about German food and traditions. And | realised what makes a good
teacher. A good teacher is is in love with what she or he is teaching.

What ways did the writer use to learn foreign languages?

What did you think of the quote at the beginning of the unit?

Did you find it easy or difficult to talk about your reasons for learning a foreign language?
Why?

Did you learn anything new from the text about Chinese characters? If so, what did you
learn?

© How does learning about different kinds of English affect your English study?
® Overall, | thought this unit was © good ©) useful © just OK © difficult.

68 UNIT 5 LANGUAGES AROUND THE WORLD
* Project: Create your own word bank

1 Study an English-English dictionary to help you create a word bank.

There are many different English-English dictionaries. Here is an entry from a commonly used
dictionary.

word demand /di'mznd; dt'ma:nd/ < pronunciation
| ee eee

«n.1[C] a firm request for something * a demand for equal pay
2 [pl.] (~ of sth) things required that are usually difficult

and/or tiring * the demands of the new job 3 [UT the request of
meaning 一 _ customers for goods or services * There is an increasing demand
_ on English translators these days. IDM by popular demand; in

demand; on demand

=v. 1 to ask for something cecaply + | areigts aici wiles ata
+ The boss demanded that all workers arrive in time. 2 to need
one’s effort, time, skill, etc. * Many sports demand speed and
strength.

2 Choose the words that are most difficult/useful to you and put them into your
word bank.
1 Decide how to organise the words. For example:
¢ in alphabetical order: A, B, C, etc.
。 by group: all the words related to a certain topic, pronunciation, part of speech, etc.
* by commonly confused words, such as “chicken/kitchen”, “diary/dairy”, etc.
。 by memory devices: words that you have memorised together, such as words with the
same roots, etc.

2 Complete the entries.

* English definitions & tongue
. . n. the soft part inside one’s mouth that
* grammar information we use for speaking and eating
* one or two example sentences FF cab
n. a taxi
3 Illustrate them. calligraphy
| & rn. the art of producing beautiful writing
e drawings e diagrams using special pens or brushes
¢ tables © cartoons

3 Work in pairs. Exchange ideas with each other about how you made your word
bank. Then discuss how you are going to use it to help your English study.

UNIT 5 LANGUAGES AROUND THE WORLD 69
* Video Time 病

Chinese Characters

The Chinese writing system has evolved from
ancient times. Learning Chinese characters
can connect us with people from long ago.
Written Chinese has also been adapted so it
can be used by future generations.

BEFORE YOU WATCH

Complete the sentences with the words below.

carved classics era origins radicals )

1 Ancient Chinese people symbols onto turtle shells or bones of animals.

2 Many of today’s characters have their in the observations of ancient Chinese
people.

3 About 80 percent of Chinese characters are made up of smaller parts, called

4 If you can read Chinese characters, you can read Chinese from thousands of
years ago.

5 Chinese characters have been adapted into digital form in the modern

WHILE YOU WATCH

Choose the correct answers.

1 How many tales or legends about the origin of Chinese characters are mentioned in the video?

A Three. B Four. C Five.
2 Today, written Chinese is the system of writing in the world.
A most complicated B oldest continuously used C hardest

3 The character jia probably originated from the idea that
A animals should live in family homes B a good family home has plenty of food
C ancient homes always kept pigs

4 China’s unified writing system forms a strong bridge linking

A China with the rest of the world B Asia, Africa, and Europe

C the present and the past
5 Written Chinese spreads wherever it goes.

A Chinese culture B Chinese classics C tales and legends
AFTER YOU WATCH

Work in groups. Discuss the questions.

1 Why do you think written Chinese has survived for so long?

2 Why do you think an increasing number of international students become interested in
learning the Chinese language?

70 UNIT 5 LANGUAGES AROUND THE WORLD
UNIT 1

Using Words and Expressions

1

WORKBOOK

Look at the words below. Cross out
the one that does not belong to this
group and think of more words to
add to this group.

teenage freshman literature
outgoing greenhouse __ wildlife
online cheerleader extra-curricular

Use the words below to make
compound words and then explain
their meanings.

air line
country man
hand side
bed 二 made
home | room
under sick

Complete the passage with the
correct forms of the words below.

online sign debate
attract youth — speech
schedule prefer

recommend

What are teenagers into and what turns them
off? A(n) questionnaire asked
1,000 senior high school students about their
likes and dislikes. According to the results,
taking exams and speaking in front of others are
among the least popular activities for today’s

. Many students like to

interesting topics with their classmates but feel
awkward or uncomfortable when they have to

give a(n) in class. Nearly half of the
teenagers think that their are too
busy. They wish they had not up for

so many courses and extra-curricular activities.
The older teenagers say that they
that freshmen wait until the second term before
they join a team or club. What
today’s teenagers the most? Not surprisingly,
listening to music and playing computer games
are common favourites. Watching videos is
popular, too, and 21 percent say that they
reading.

Some words can be used as a verb
and as a noun. Find these words
in the sentences and explain their
meanings.

volunteer challenge
focus graduate schedule

1 Oscar challenged me to a game of chess and
laccepted the challenge.

2 Some experts worry that parents schedule
too many extra-curricular activities for their
kids. The kids have a busy schedule every
day and do not get enough sleep.

3 OK, listen up, please! We need a volunteer
to help organise the school dance on
Saturday. Who wants to volunteer?

4 The focus of today’s meeting is how to stay
safe at school. Please focus on this problem.

5 My cousin Jim is a Tsinghua University
graduate. After graduating, he now works as
a designer.

Can you find other similar words
from the unit?

TEENAGE LIFE

71

-一 一 WORKBOOK

4 Complete the sentences with the
correct forms of the phrases below.
1
be suitable for be concerned about
be responsible for be addicted to
be attracted to

1 Sheila is the coach of the school badminton
team; she
players.

2 This course seems difficult and
(not) freshman students.

3 Many teenagers today
online games, but they should manage their
time so that they won't
those games.

4 You don't have to

training the

getting low grades at the end of the termif 2

you try your best now.

5 Translate the English sentences
into Chinese.

1 Some behaviours of my generation
are considered strange by my parents’
generation.

2 We will try our best to give you a detailed
schedule soon.

3 Recently, there has been a strong movement
around the country encouraging people to
quit smoking.

4 Adventure travel has become more and
more popular, not only among the youth

but even among the middle-aged.

Using Structures

Decide whether the underlined
parts are noun/adjective/adverb
phrases and state their functions.

1 The students will do group discussions
timed writing, and research in the advanced
literature course.

2 It’s raining quite heavily. He won't be back

very soon.
3 Whatyouleam at school plays a veryimportant

part in shaping your behaviour in society.
4 Just sign up for one activity for the joy of

5 Strangely enough, she didn’t seem to like

ballet verymuch.

Read the poem aloud and see how
the underlined parts work in the
poem.

Nothing so rare

As aday in June,

The air so fine

And the blossoms all blue.

The weather just perfect,
The skies never gray

The bugs always buzzing
And the trees seem to sway.

The sun beats so warmly

On the tenderness of my skin,
And the birds... they fly,

Far away in the wind.

June is the month
That carries a tune.

Its beautiful melody
Floats like a balloon.
3 The words in some of the sentences
are not in the correct order. Put
them in the correct order.

EXAMPLE

Im very interested in Chinese modern
literature. >

Im very interested in modern Chinese
literature.

1 What a beautiful old French painting!

2 Wecan finda public reading quiet room.

3 They plan to build a new volunteer centre in
town.

4 She owns a white small cute cat.

5 Don't worry. He will do the job enough
well.

4 Choose the phrases below to
replace the underlined parts.

wellenough quite silly

some of the a very difficult test
very bad really angry

too many really great

very kind not such a big deal

A: Oh! What a day!

B: Why? What happened?

A: We had an impossible quiz in chemistry
class. I thought I'd prepared very well but
couldn't answer a single question. I felt like a
fool!

B: Sorry to hear that. But it’s just a quiz. I'm
sure you got a few questions right. It’s not
the end of the world.

A: Oh, it’s terrible! My mum will be cross, Shes
told me a thousand times I need to become
a better student.

B: She won't. She knows you tried your best.

Don't worry. Its nothing!

A: Yeah, I guess you're right. I just wish I'd done
better.

B: Why don't we study together next time?

A: That would be wonderful! You're the best!

UNIT1 TEENAGE LIFE ”一 一

5 Complete the passage by translating

the Chinese in brackets into English.
What do you think of Chinese tea
culture?

Move over, mochaccino—Chinese tea culture
is coming! If

( 一 群 来 自 杭州 的 高 中 生 ) get their way, the
world will (很 快 be drinking
Chinese tea instead of coffee. The students
created a project to make Chinese tea and

tea culture more popular at home and

abroad. They gave speeches on the history

and traditions of Chinese tea and organised
(很 多 令 人 激

动 的 活动 ). In ( 其 中
一 些 活动 中 ) people couldtaste

(各 种 不 同类
型 的 茶 ) and even try picking tea leaves.

The students also used the Internet to make
teenagers ( 更 加 感 兴
趣 ) in tea culture. The project was so successful
that the students won second prize in

( 一 次 大 型 的 国

际 性 的 ) competition. Best of all, they learnt to
work as a team and use their creativity.

’

73
~~ WORKBOOK

Reading

@) 1. Skim the text. Write down the main idea of the text.

THE FACE-DOWN GENERATION

If you're reading this, you were probably born in
the 2000s. The oh-ohs. The 21st century. That
would make you young, creative, connected,
global, and no doubt smart. Maybe good-
looking, too. Right? But what do other people
think about your generation?

Some adults worry that you’re more interested
in the screen in front of you than the world
around you. They think of you as the “face-
down generation” because you use your phone
so much and they wonder how you will deal
with school, friends, and family. Are today’s teenagers too busy texting and taking selfies to become
successful in real life—or “IRL’, as you would say?

Other adults worry that today’s youth are spoilt ( 2444 ) and don’t want to face the challenges of
adult life. Many children born in the 1990s and 2000s were raised by “helicopter parents” who were
always there to guide and help them with a busy schedule filled with homework and extra-curricular
activities such as dancing, drawing, or sports. With parents who do everything for them, today’s
youth seem to prefer to live like teenagers even when they are in their 20s or 30s.

Does the face-down generation need a heads-up? Well, probably not. The fact is that many of
today’s teenagers are better educated and more creative than past generations. They also seem to
be enthusiastic ( 热情 的 ) and willing to become leaders. More young people than ever volunteer to
help their communities. There are also brave young people such as Malala Yousafzai, the teenager
who won the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize for pushing girls’ rights to go to school.

So if you're one of the oh-ohs, there’s reason to be hopeful about the future. Things are looking up
for the face-down generation. Chances are that you will do GR8 (great) and LOL (laugh out loud).

2 Read the text carefully and answer the questions.

74

Was the writer born in the 2000s? How do you know?

Read the last sentence in Paragraph 2. How does the writer answer the question? How
would you answer the question?

What is a “helicopter parent”?

What does the writer think about the younger generation? Do you agree?
Writing

“Talking Teens” provides advice for
parents. Read the parents’ questions.
Choose one of the questions or one
from your parents’, and then write a
letter of advice.

9

Dear Talking Teens,

| have a daughter who has just started
senior high school. She wants to choose
her own courses and decide everything
by herself. In the past, she would always
ask me for advice, but now she talks
to her friends instead. Why doesn’t she
want my advice any more?

Best regards,

Confused Mum

Dear Talking Teens,

My son is 16 and wants to get a
girlfriend. | think he is too young and
should focus on school instead. He says
that his friends have girlfriends and
that | am being too old-fashioned. Is he
right?

Yours truly,

Old-school Dad

UNIT 1

Dear Talking Teens,

My son will turn 15 next week. | want to
give him something special, but | have
no idea what to buy. It used to be easy
to know what he liked. Now it seems like
we don’t have the same taste any more.
Please help!

Sincerely,

Loving Father

Dear Talking Teens,

My daughter wants to study abroad but
| think she is too young. She is only 14.
Besides, it would cost a lot of money to
send her to a school in another country. |
think she should finish senior high school
first, and then maybe study abroad when
she's in university. What do you think?

Best wishes,

Mum in Yunnan

TEENAGE LIFE

75
——— WORKBOOK

* Expanding Your World

TEENAGE LIFE
AROUND THE WORLD

Hi there! My name is Asha and |’m from
Tanzania. Like most teenagers, | start my
day early and end it late. After school, |
study at a night school to prepare for the
university entrance exam. When | have time
off, | prefer to be outdoors. | love nature and
animals. I’m quite upset about how we treat
the environment, so | do my best to help. |
volunteer to plant trees and I’m a member
of our school’s Nature Club.

Asha, Tanzania

Hi! bm Samika and |’m 15. | wish | were a
student, but I’m not. | had to leave school
when | was 13 so that | could get a job and
help my family. | work in a garment factory. It’s
unbelievably hard work and the days are so long.
Although everyone works hard, we still find time
to play and laugh together. At times like these,
Samika, Bangladesh the world feels like a wonderful place.

Hi, Frieder here. So, I’m 16 and | go to a high school in
Munich. I’m not crazy about school—iistening to a teacher
isn’t my thing—but | know | have to get an education. It’s
very difficult for young people to find a job in Europe, so |
worry a lot about the future. Oh, and I’m a gaming nerd. |
love Internet games so much that | have started a gaming
club at my school. Maybe |’ll see you online—my screen
name is FastFreddy.

Frieder, Germany

76
1

UNIT 2

Using Words and Expressions

Make compound words and explain
what they mean. Then use them to
complete the sentences below.

guide night

high forest

pass port

water land

sight book

over way

Ice seeing

rain fall

1 A(n) is a book which gives

information to visitors so they can know
more about the place they are visiting.

2 A(n) is flowing water that
drops from a high to a low place, often from
a great height.

3 A(n) is an important public
road that connects cities and towns.

4 is the activity of visiting
interesting and/or beautiful places, usually
as a tourist.

5 A(n) is a small book given by
your government to prove that you are a
citizen ( 公民 ) of your country.

6 means during or for the night.

7 A(n) is a large forest, usually in

ahot place, that gets a lot of rain.

8 is a country that is beautiful
and green, although its name sounds like it
is cold andicy.

2 Complete the passage with the

words and phrases below.

amazing checkin unique other than
economy sights

view __ destinations
One of the most relaxing ways to travel is a
cruise. A cruise needn't be expensive! Cruise
ships have lots of
lots of free activities.

class rooms and
the ticket, you
don’t have to pay for anything you don’t want.
You can enjoy food in the ship’s
many dining rooms and have a wonderful
ocean every day. You can experience
local cultures when the ship stops
at different seaside . Of course, if the
ship stays at a city for several days, you can even
at a local hotel for a few nights, so you

can see more of the local

Complete the poster with the correct
forms of the words from this unit.

Popular tourist destinations include the
Zhongshan Walking Street, famous for its

food and shopping, and the Island Ring

Road, where tourists can cycle on the |
43-km bike p that runs along the |
seaside. |

Other famous s are the Nanputuo |
Temple and the Xiamen Botanical Garden
( #2 ), which is m u

of more than 20 areas filled with beautiful
plants. Hulishan Fortress, built in the
Qing Dynasty, is also worth a visit. It
helped s

t G O

stop anyenemies from

the city

Amustrsee for visitors is Gulangyu Island,
streets, beautiful
It has

a piano museum with over 200 pianos.

with its n
beaches, and unusual a

Visitors can enjoy a wonderful v

of the island from m Dragon F Head Hi Hill. 到

77

TRAVELLING AROUND

一 一 WORKBOOK

4 Use the words and phrases in
brackets to translate the Chinese
into English.

Using Structures

1 Use the present continuous ;
tense of the verbs in brackets to

A:
B:

Do you have any plans for the holiday?
Yes! My parents and | are going to drive out

complete the sentences.

to the countryside and stay in a farmhouse. 1 He (apply for) a
A: Why aren't you going to credit card next Tuesday.
(游览 一 个 著名 的 旅游 胜 2 He (not, visit) the

地 )? (tourist destination)

Eiffel Tower next week since he

B: Well, all of us really want to relax and enjoy (attend) a meeting in Seoul.
some peace and quiet. 3 1 (not, pack) until the
( 我们 打算 每 天 去 山 day after tomorrow.
里 远足 ， 欣 赏 美景 ). (hike, admire, view) 4 Idont know if she

A: That sounds nice. How did you hear about (check in) tonight or tomorrow.
this kind of holiday? 5 (you, check out) of
B: (KBE the hotel tomorrow?
看 到 了 一 份 乡村 度假 的 宣传 册 ). (brochure, 6 Howlong (you, stay)
countryside) So he decided to call and here?

see whether we could book a farmhouse.

( %28* 8 2 Combine the words and phrases to
make sentences using the present

continuous tense.

24% T ). (can't wait to)

5 Try to expand the mind map with
as many words and phrases as you
can think of.

1 they/rent/a car/this weekend

. . 2 he/go hiking/with us/this Sunday/?
Preparing for a trip

amazing sights 3 where/you/go/for the Spring Festival/?

choosea_ 4

ON what time/the flight/take off/?
destination

5 1/pick up/package/from the post office/

go online to look at after lunch

travel websites

6 1/book/tickets/for the castle tour/tomorrow

book transport

78
= UNIT2 TRAVELLING AROUND ——

3 Decide whether will do or the present 5 Choose one of the two itineraries

continuous tense is better and fill in below. Write a few sentences to
the blanks. describe your travel plans, using
the present continuous tense.

TI (always, love) you.
the Architecture Museum this weekend. HANGZHOU, CHINA

3 Tthink 一 (find) this Mon = 9:00 a.m.: flight to Hangzhou
guidebook useful. : afternoon: check in at the hotel

4 We (take) a trip to Tue West Lake
Hubei next month to see my grandmother. Wed = Grand Canal ( 大 运河 )

5 (you, contact) the Thur Wuzhen: experience the beauty of the

ancient water town

Fri morning: Botanical Garden
afternoon: National Silk Museum

Sat = morning: go shopping
afternoon: pack

4 Tick the sentences expressing Sun eave for hone

future plans and change will do
into the present continuous tense.
Then complete the email.

travel agent this Friday?
6 Ifyou ask him, I’m sure he
(give) youa ride to the airport.

(_] The cruise will leave on 23 March and
return on | April.

We will take a cruise to Thailand!

I know you will want to read more about

the tour.

Iwill also send you the brochure soon. AUCKLAND, NEW ZEALAND

Mon 1:50 a.m.: flight to Auckland

Dear Dad, late afternoon: check in at the hotel
Tue Te Papa (National Museum of New
I hope you and Mum are well! Mia and I want Zealand)
to invite you to join us for our spring holiday. Wed take acable car ( 缆车 ) up to the
Botanical Gardens
We found a great package tour for the end of Thur morning: go shopping
March. afternoon: visit the Sky Tower

Fri take a road trip into the mountains
Sat _ return to the city
Sun _ leave for home

Mia is especially excited about the trip. She
loves warm weather! I really hope you can
come with us.

You can find more information online.

Let me know what you think!

Love,
Paul

79

——— WORKBOOK -一 本 _

™@) T Read the editorial below.

Reading

What is its main idea?

BE A GOOD TOURIS

Tourism can be both good and bad. Yes, it brings in money for the local economy and
creates lots of jobs for locals, but it may also bring some problems. i

| One growing problem is tourists who want to prove that they have visited a destination. |
Tourists have used paint, rocks, or even keys to write on the Luxor Temple in Egypt, the
Colosseum in Rome, Stonehenge in the UK, memorial stones at the bottom of Qomolangma,
and many, many other places. Thousands of tourist sites are being destroyed by tourists
| who “love them to death”. | have three words for people like this: please stop it. If you want
to leave a mark on the world, do it by changing someone's life with kindness and love. Pass
kindness along to future generations, not destruction ( 破坏 ).

Another big problem in some places has been tourists disturbing ( 打扰 ) the local people
and life. Some tourists wander around and take pictures of local people without asking for
their permission. For example, Chiang Mai University in Thailand and Yonsei University in
South Korea have great numbers of tourists visiting their campuses and walking through
their libraries and other public areas, taking pictures of students, and disturbing their studies.
| Another example is Sanlitun, a neighbourhood in Beijing, China. Some tourists love to party
there late into the night, making it difficult for locals to sleep. | have three words for tourists
like this: please be considerate. Have fun in a way that does not disturb others.

The number of problems from tourists is endless: walking in large groups without considering
others who need to walk by, crossing roads without thinking of local traffic laws, and many
more. The only way to solve the problem of the terrible tourist is to make sure that you are not
| one! Be the best, kindest, most polite tourist possible. Remember, whenever you step outside
your country’s borders, you are representing ( 代表 ) your country to the rest of the world. |
站

2 Scan the text for answers to the questions.

1 What kind of mark does the writer suggest that tourists should make?

2 What does the writer say is the only way to solve the problem of the terrible tourist?

3 Look at the sentences. Which are facts (F] and which are opinions (0)?

( )1 Tourists have used paint, rocks, or even keys to write on some famous sites.

( )2 Ifyou want to leave a mark on the world, do it by changing someone's life with kindness and love.
( )3 Some tourists wander around and take pictures of local people.

( ) 4 Be the best, kindest, most polite tourist possible.

4 Do you agree with the writer's suggestions for tourists? What other
suggestions do you have?
UNIT2 TRAVELLING AROUND ”一 一

Writing

1 Look at the pictures below. Write down what the tourists are doing wrong in
each picture and think about the consequences.
上

2 What are some other wrong or foolish things that tourists do? What are some
good things that tourists should do?

3 Organise your ideas using one of the outlines below or your own.

Outline 1 Outline 2
1 introduction 1 introduction
2 Dos and don'ts: First ... 2 Bea good tourist by ...
3 Dos and don'ts: Second ... 3 Bea good tourist by ...
4 Dos and don'ts: Third ... 4 Bea good tourist by ...
5 Conclusion 5 Conclusion

Your Outline

4 Write a passage to express your opinions on how to be a good tourist.

81

-一 WORKBOOK — = 一 一 一 ——~ = So

* Expanding Your World

Dear Sir,

Pisa is a fine old city. The houses are well-built; the streets open,
straight, and well-paved; the shops well-furnished; and the markets
well-su plied. There are some beautiful palaces. The churches are
built with taste and well decorated. There is a stone wharf on each
side of the Arno River ( 阿尔 诺 河 )， which runs through the city, and
there are three bridges over it. The number of people there is rather
small. This gives the place an air of wonderful quietness, which is

very pleasant.

OF course, | visited the beautiful leaning tower, which is eight floors high, each having,
a round of columns, rising one above another. It leans so far on one side that if you
dropped a stone from the top, which is 188 feet high, it would fall 16 feet from the base
of the tower. ! would have never dreamt that this would have happened for any other
reason than an accident; but some people have said that it was done on purpose

by the architect! Anyone with eyes can see that the columns on one side have sunk
rather far. These leaning, towers are not uncommon in Italy;
there is one in Bologna (博洛尼亚 ), another in Venice (威尼斯 )，
a third between Venice and Ferrara ( #414), anda fourth at
Ravenna ( 42444).

A most interesting person you might meet in Italy is the
Improvisatore; this is what they call certain people who have
the surprising, ability to make up poems on any subject you
suggest. Mr Corvesi, my landlord, has a son who is amazingly
good at this. When a subject is given, his brother picks up
his violin to play along as he begins to make up poems with
wonderful speed and skill. He will, at a minute’s warning,
recite two or three hundred beautifully written verses, with
compliments to the listeners! The Italians are so fond of
poetry that many of them have memorised the best parts
of their great poets; these are the sources from which the
Improvisatori take their rhymes, rhythms, and expressions.

8 Tobias Smollett
Pisa today

82
UNIT 3 = = a ns —— SPORTSANDFITNESS ——

Using Words and Expressions

1 Match the two parts to make definitions. 1983. She became the first Chinese world
and field.

became a modern Olympic

event in 1896, though the distance was not

standardised until 1921.

champion in
An * large sports area bed 6 The
rows of seats all round it.

a large room with things for

An event is Joico das ;
oing physical exercise. 3 Complete the sentences with the
correct forms of the phrases below.
ae someone who competes in a
A stadium is
sport. at home and abroad work out
come along give up
‘ é a thing that happens, especially even though fall apart
TYAS something important, learn from one’s failures _ lose heart
1 Donot . You should

2 Which sports record is stated in each

sentence? Fill in the blanks to find out. work harder to solve the problem.

2 Itis ashame that their friendship finally

S and they became
skiing marathon track -
boxing badminton _ soccer Snemles，
3 we will certainly
fail at times, learning from the mistakes we
The first ever FIFA World Cup goal was mmake-will beiavalaable
scored by Lucien Laurent, a French Even in the middle of his busiest schedule,
player, at the 1930 World Cup. ie (nee fines 4 week
The greatest number of rounds in a to keep fit.

match was 276 when Jack Jones beat Patsy

Tunney in Cheshire, England,1825.

The longest time spent non-stop

is 202 hr 1 min by Nick Willey in Australia

in 2005. He skied over 1,150 km in the

process.

The first Chinese Olympic gold medals in
were won by Ge Fei and Gu Jun in

Atlanta in 1996.

Xu Yongjiu won the gold medal in a 10-km

walking race in the Norway World Cup in

As much as we value our successes, we need
to :

Ping-pong has now become an international
sport; it is played

I hope you can come to our party after the
final game, and please feel free to invite a
friend ifyou like.

If you could choose to remember only six
words in your life, remember these: “Never,
ever . Keep trying.”

31 32 RE} 34 35 36
Ssesepppp8BepepeeeBespeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaeees
f a 从

83

——— WORKBOOK —

84

4 Write down as many phrases as you

can using make or out. Then make
sentences with them.

it

a difference

5 Read the passage and answer the

questions. Do you agree with the
writer?

What is the difference between a
good athlete and a great one? What is
the difference between a player of a
sport and a master of a sport? A sports
psychologist (心理 学 家 ) suggests there
are four things that all great athletes
have in common. First, all great
athletes love competition. They are not
afraid to compete with other people.

_ Second is their self-confidence; they

are positive about themselves and their
abilities. Great athletes can also deal
with stress well. They are able to cut
out things from their lives that add to
their stress, such as unhealthy food
or bad friendships. Finally, all great
athletes have the mental strength to
focus on what is most important. They
will not let themselves be distracted (使
分 心 ) from their goal. Great athletes set
an example to all of us not only in how
to play sports well but also in how to
live life well.

1 What do all great athletes have in common?

2 How do all great athletes feel about
themselves and their abilities?

3 Whatare all great athletes able to do to help
handle ( 处 理 ) stress?

4 What makes it possible for all great athletes
to focus on what is most important?

Translate the sentences into English
using the words and phrases in brackets.

1 有 些 女孩 子 进行 不 健康 的 节食 ， 因 为 她
们 想 保持 苗条 的 身材 。(go on unhealthy
diets slim)

2 足球 运动 员 在 比赛 中 不 应 该 假装 摔 倒 ，
这 是 一 种 作弊 行为 。 (Pretend cheat)

3 美式 足球 和 世界 上 其 他 地 方 的 足球 没有
可 比 性 ， 因 为 它们 是 两 种 截然 不 同 的 运
动 。 (compare .. with/to)

4 安娜 喜欢 打 网 球 ， 而 不 是 羽毛 球 。(Prefen
ratherthan,badminton)

5 吉姆 偶尔 会 买 儿 本 体育 杂志 。(now and
then)

Using Structures ////

1

Read the conversation aloud and
pay attention to the tones of the tag
questions.

A: Were all so busy, but we can't just sit around
and study all the time, can we?

B: No, we can’t. Sometimes I just have to get
up and do a few jumping jacks.

A: Jumping jacks? Those are a kind of exercise,
aren't they?

B: Yes, they are! You jump and bring your
hands together above your head and move
your feet apart. Then you jump again,
bringing your hands to your side and your
feet together. I’m sure you've done them
before, haven't you?

A: I know what you mean now. They are also
called star jumps, aren't they? Why don’t we
do afewnow?

B: Sure.
1

2

2 Add tag questions to the statements.

Let's go and work out in the gym,
2
You don’t take part in a marathon when
youre ill, 2
Turn off the TV, 2
She's doing all she can for us in times
of stress, so we must back her up,
2
Henry thinks you are cheating your friends,

Andy's never been stig but a friendly
Suy

Emily had to cut out sugar _ her diet as her
doctor suggested, 2
Theres going to be a talk on wellness and

fitness next week, ?

3 Complete the conversation with
appropriate tag questions.

Tom: Mum, I can have one more burger,
?

Mum: No, you can’t. You've already had two!

You're going to get sick ... Oh, whats
that noise?

Dad: Itisnt astorm coming, 2
Tom: Yes, itis! But it’s on TV!

Dad, come and see, ?

Dad: What movie are you watching?

Tom: The Day after Tomorrow.

Mum: Let's watch it together, 2

Family time!

Dad: Good idea!

UNIT3 SPORTS AND FITNESS “一 一

4 Complete the questionnaire for Chris.
Then fill in the blanks below and write
an ending to the conversation, using
tag questions where necessary.

PRIME GYM

Be your best
Name: Chris Chang

Age: 17
Gender: Male

1 How long have you been working out at
the gym?

© Never. O 1-6 months. O Over 6 months.

2 How many hours do you (plan to) spend |
at the gym each week?

© 2hours. O 4 hours. O 6 hours.
3 What do you like to do at the gym?

O Running. O Weight training. O Yoga.
4 Why do you go to the gym?

O To keep fit. O To build muscle. O For fun.

A: Hi Chris! My name is Steve. I'm a trainer

here at the gym. So you've just filled out
our questionnaire, 2

B: Yes. It's nice to meet you, Steve.

A: It’s good to meet you, too! OK, let me
take a look at your answers. Hmm ... So
you've never worked out in a gym before,

?

B: No, I haven't, Steve. Embarrassing ( ib A hi
jit ), but true.

A: Oh, don’t be embarrassed! It’s never too
late to start. But I have to ask ... You think

working out for ... hours a week is enough,
?

85
一 一 WORKBOOK 一

Reading

1 Skiing ...
2 Skating ...
3 The skeleton ...

™@) 2 Read the text and check your answers.

1 What do you know about the sports below? Match them with their descriptions.

was originally a sport only in cold northern countries.
e is named after the shape of the sleds ( ##) used in the 1890s.
e can involve speed and graceful figures.

COOL COLD SPORTS

The Winter Olympic Games are not just an opportunity for athletes to win medals and honour for their
countries. Every four years, the Games also offer audiences a chance to get to know more about
winter sports from around the world. The Winter Olympics may not have the large crowds and huge
stars of its summer sibling, but they share the same Olympic spirit.

86

One of the most popular

sports of the Winter Olympic

Games is skiing. Skiers

compete in the downhill and
slalom ( 回转 赛 ) and in the
short and long cross-country
ski races. Skiing was originally
a sport played only in cold
northern countries, but now

athletes from all over the

world compete in this sport,
even those from countries

without any snow!

Skaters compete with
each other in speed
races or in figure-
skating events. The
figure-skaters are
generally considered
to be the stars of the

Winter Olympic Games.

These ice princes and
princesses are so
graceful that it’s easy
to forget that they are
actually highly skilled
athletes.

3 Read the text again and answer the questions.

The skeleton is one of the strangest-
named sports of the Olympics. The
skeleton is named after the shape of the
metal sleds used in the 1890s, when
the sport first started. The skeleton is a
downhill sled race, usually on ice. This
sport looks a little like the luge ( 无 舵 雪
#), where a person sits on the back of
the sled with his or her feet forward, but
the skeleton is a lot more exciting and
dangerous than that. In the skeleton,

a person lies on his or her stomach on
the sled, with his or her head pointing
downhill!

1 Whatis the “summer sibling” of the Winter Olympics? Why do you think the writer uses that

phrase?

How does the writer describe figure-skaters?

Which of these three Winter Olympics events do you find the most interesting? Why?
- . So —— 一 UNIT3 SPORTS AND FITNESS

Writing /

Write a letter to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to propose a new sport or
event that you think should be added to the Olympics. Use the outline below to help you.

e The name of the sport or event
e Where it comes from and a short history about it
e Why you think it should be an Olympic sport or event

| Li Hua

Room 301, Building5 — Postage stamp area |
Jingyuan Road, Chaoyang District | |
Beijing, China, 10020 oe 2

IOC Headquarters -
Route de Vidy 9 1007
Lausanne, Switzerland

(Address of the sender)
(Title of the recipient)
(Address of the recipient)
(Date)
Dear Sir/Madam,
My name ig , and fm a student in , China. Um writing to you to ask
whether
Thig gport comes fron Kt firgt started in
(think _______ should be included ag an Olympic sport because

Yours faithfully,

87

—— WORKBOOK - -一 一 - 一 -

88

* Expanding Your World

nnn HOT TICKETS nnn

What makes a sports event a winner? Exciting action? Tick. Athletes competing to win honour
and glory for their club or motherland? Tick. History and tradition? Tick. Delicious snacks?
Tick. Most people think global events such as the Olympic Games and the World Cup are
the most exciting, but there is some serious competition. Here’s a look at some of the hottest
tickets in sports.

The World Series (baseball, USA)

The World Series is the final championship of the American
baseball leagues. The seven-game series is played in October
or November and attracts a great number of fans. Baseball is
one of America’s favourite sports and has many traditions,
such as the “seventh-inning stretch ( 七 局 伸展 操 )”. The song
“Take Me Out to the Ball Game” is played so that everyone
can get up after sitting for a long time. The break is also a
good time for a snack. Hot peanuts are a hit with hungry
baseball fans, but the hot dog is the real winner!

Indian Premier League (cricket, India]

Cricket is from England but has become as Indian as saris
and curry. The Indian Premier League has the largest
audience of all cricket leagues in the world and is the sixth
most-watched sports league in the world. Cricket is a unique
sport and may seem a little confusing at first, but once you
start learning the rules, you’ll love it. The most popular
cricket snacks are finger foods like biscuits and cucumber
sandwiches.

¢*
Bo

Wimbledon (tennis, England]

Wimbledon is a treat for all tennis fans. The tournament
started in 1877 and many of the rules are the same today.
For example, the players may only wear white clothes. The
event, however, is quite colourful since fans often dress up
for the games and wear amazing hats. And when it comes
to snacks, it’s “game, set, and match” at Wimbledon. Where
else can you enjoy champagne and strawberries as you cheer
for the champion?
UNIT 4

Using Words and Expressions

1

Match each word with its definition.

electricity volcano flood
landslide drought shelter
1 : a long period of time with
little or no rain
2 : the falling ofa lot of earth and
rocks down a mountain
3 : a large amount of water

overflowing and causing a lot of damage

4 : a form of power for lighting, 3

heating, machines, etc.

5 : a mountain from which gas,
ash, and hot rocks sometimes burst out

6 :a place built to give protection,
especially from danger or bad weather

Circle the verbs in the puzzle. Then
complete the sentences with the
correct forms of the verbs.

1 He made a stupid decision and now he is
for it.
2 My brother
when he fell off his bike.
3 Atruck went out of control and
into the back of a bus.
4 An earthquake can suddenly,
but there may sometimes be warning signs.

a bone in his arm

5 Few sheep and cows the

= NATURAL DISASTERS ——

snowstorm last night.
6 The child was
bya young volunteer after the earthquake.

from the ruins

7 Iwas shocked when I saw on TV that so
many people were in the
burning buildings.

8 The Red Cross Society of China is

the disaster-hit area with

doctors and medical supplies.

Complete the passage with the correct

forms of the words below.
death destroy survive
crash shelter disaster

Earthquakes are a form of natural .
They are so powerful that they can cause tall
buildings to to the ground in just
a few seconds. In fact, most of the

in an earthquake are caused by falling houses or
buildings. New research data from earthquake
zones is helping architects to design safer
buildings that will not be during
an earthquake. Instead of being fixed in place
like most ordinary buildings, the new buildings
they have designed can move. Other researchers
have designed small round houses that will not
fall down when there is a quake. Because the
houses are round, they can strong
winds and floods, and are good

during a disaster.

The photo below shows a special earthquake-
proof house in Sichuan, China. Do you have
any other ideas to make houses safer?

一 一 WORKBOOK

4 Translate the sentences into English
using the words and phrases in brackets

1 志愿 者 给 被 困 在 村 子 里 的 人 送 去 了 食物
和 其 他 补给 品 。(trap, deliver, supply)

2 多 年 以 后 ， 他 在 乡下 过 着 平静 的 生 1
活 ， 似 乎 灾难 从 未 发 生 过 。(calm, as 所
disaster)

3 在 震 区 ， 因 为 没有 栖身 之 所 ， 人 们 只 好 2
露宿 户 外 。(quakehit area, in the open air,
shelter)

4 这 个 援助 项 目 将 对 非洲 女童 的 教育 产生 3
巨大 影响 。(aid effect)

Using Structures py

1 Fill in the blanks with that, which,
who, whose, or whom.

A disaster is a very bad accident or a sudden
event usually causes great
damage and can ruin many people’ lives.
The woman wanted to find and thank the
firefighter

fire.

A typhoon is an extremely strong wind

rescued her from the

often happens in the Western

5 虽然 洪水 没有 影响 我 们 的 学 校 ， 但 是 却
冲 毁 了 低地 的 许多 房屋 。(affect ruin)

6 幸运 的 是 ， 志 愿 者 手 上 有 一 些 船 只 ，
可 以 帮助 人 们 转移 到 安全 的 地 方 。(on

Pacific Ocean.

4 The children

and friends.

parents could not
be found were looked after by neighbours

hand) 5

A tsunami is a very large wave
is often caused by an earthquake under the

“5 Gile, a girl in Bangladesh, is talking sea.
about floods in her country. Write her 6 People to much is given are
story with the help of the notes below. people of much will be expected,

2  Usearestrictive relative clause to

Gile » frightened > a flood > sw . ，
pet Coad combine each pair of sentences.

» her village

neighbours » sweep away » huge waves EXAMPLE

The baby was crying. The baby was rescued
from the building, (who)

The baby who was rescued from the building

Giles house > destroy » her family »
safe now » live > a shelter

Bangladesh » often affected * disasters

was crying.
like flooding OR
Gile » think » people * better prepared » The baby who was crying was rescued from the
protect * flooding building.

1 The CCTV reporter is interviewing a
woman. The woman’s family survived the

earthquake. (whose)

2 The soldier will remember the rescue
worker. The soldier worked with the rescue

worker during the quake. (with whom)

_ — — —— 一 一 UNIT4 NATURAL DISASTERS ”一 一

3 The rescue workers had to walk slowly * 4 Add more information to the passage

through the bricks. The bricks covered the by using restrictive relative clauses
ground. (that/which) that answer the questions in brackets.
You may use a library or the Internet
4 My family will always be thankful for the to help you.
people. We received aid from the people.
(from whom) EXAMPLE

Who should be warned? 一

5 The people lost everything in the quake. We people who might be in danger
need to help them prepare for the coming

winter. (who)
Tornadoes are strong winds (What
kind of winds are they?). It is not
3 Complete the passage with that, easy to know where they will go, so
which, who, whose, or prep + whom. it can be difficult to warn people (Who

should be warned). In order to learn
more about how tornadoes form and
move, some brave researchers (What
is their job?) do what most of us
would not. They chase (22# ) storms
in order to collect more detailed
information first hand. Of course, the
researchers have special equipment
(What kind of equipment?), but they
need to get close enough to use it
and still keep safe from the danger.

For people love the sun, summer

is a time of fun. But for people
families were destroyed by the super typhoon
hit East China in July 2016, that
summer was a time of great sadness. The floods
and landslides caused by the typhoon killed
161 people, left 61 missing, and forced the
evacuation of hundreds of thousands of people.
The victims the typhoon brought
death or great loss were in several provinces
along the Yangtze River. In the months
have passed since then, much has
been done to make things better and help the
thousands of people homes were
destroyed, although the sadness will never leave
those summer now marks the death

ofa loved one.

91
——— WORKBOOK —

Reading and Writing //
4

describing?

Read the text quickly. Who is the eyewitness? What event is the eyewitness

THE STORY OF AN EYEWITNESS (Adapted)

Jack London

San Francisco, May 5, 1906.
The earthquake that hit San
Francisco on April 18

shook down hundreds
of thousands of dollars’
worth of walls and
chimneys ( %4 # ). But the
fire that followed burned
up hundreds of millions of

dollars’ worth of buildings
and homes. Never before in
history has a city been so completely

destroyed. San Francisco is gone. The factories,
the great stores and newspaper buildings, the
hotels, and the great houses of the rich are all
gone.

On Wednesday morning at a quarter past five
came the earthquake. A moment later, the
disaster was a fact. South of Market Street,
in the working-class neighbourhoods and in
the factories, fires started. Within an hour
of the first quake, the smoke could be seen
100 miles away. The sun was red in the dark
sky. There was no stopping the fires. The
firefighters to whom the task was given did
their best but there was no way to organise
or communicate. The railway tracks were

now useless and there was no water in
water pipes. All of the ways man had made
to keep the city safe were gone in the 30
seconds the earth moved.

By Wednesday afternoon, half the heart of
the city was gone. At that time, I watched
the disaster from a ship on the bay ( 海湾 ).
Out at sea it was calm. No wind came up. Yet
from every direction—east, west, north, and
south—strong winds blew upon the unlucky
city and those whose homes had once stood
in its green hills.

Wednesday night saw the destruction of
the very heart of the city. Man himself
had to make ruins of some of the city’s
best buildings so that they would not be
a danger to those in the streets. Tens of
thousands who had lost their homes left the
city to look for shelter from the fires. Some
were dressed only in blankets and carried
the things that they had been able to rescue

from the fires. But there were no fights
and no pushing or shoving. Somehow
this worst of disasters brought out the

best in the survivors. Never in all of San
Francisco’s history were her people so kind
as on this night of terror.

- - UNIT4 NATURAL DISASTERS ”一 一

2 Read the text again and answer the questions.

1 Which was more destructive, the earthquake or the
fire? Why?

2 Why couldn't the firefighters put out the fires when
they first started?

Where was the writer? Did he suffer from the fire?

How long did it take for half of the city centre to
burn? Why did the fire spread so fast?

5 How did the people of San Francisco behave during
the disaster?

3 What do the underlined sentences mean? Rewrite each sentence in your own words.
1
2

4 Find answers to the questions from the text.

What was the first disaster?
When and where did it happen?
What was the second disaster?
What damage did it cause?
How did people behave?

| Who described the event?

5 Use your answers to the above questions to write a summary of the text.

WORKBOOK 一 一 一 一 a -

* Expanding Your World

CHINA TO THE RESCUE!

The China International Search and Rescue Team (CISAR) was formed in 2001 and is now
made up of several hundred rescue workers and about 20 sniffer dogs. The team brings
help and hope to those whose lives are changed by a storm, flood, earthquake, or any other
natural disaster.

After long and careful training, the team went on its first international rescue missions in
2003. That year, the Chinese team helped save lives after earthquakes in Algeria ( 阿尔及利亚)
and Iran ( #4). It was the first time that a Chinese team had worked outside China, and
the team won high praise for their bravery and skill.

Since then, the CISAR has completed many missions. The list of people to whom help has
been given is long. The team treated more than 38,000 people who were injured in the 2006
earthquake in Indonesia, helped 2,500 wounded people after the earthquake that hit Haiti ( #
地 ) in 2010, and spent several months giving aid to over 25,000 victims of the 2010 floods in
Pakistan ( 巴基斯坦 ) .

Rescue workers are trained to find people, treat injuries, and hand out food, water and
other supplies. They have to be able to do work that is difficult under conditions which can
be very dangerous. After a disaster, there is usually no electricity or water, and there may
be diseases and accidents. Rescue workers get to save lives, but they must also bury the
dead. That means they have to be strong in both body and mind.

Rescue workers must have big hearts, too. It takes a lot of love and courage to risk one’s
own life to save someone else’s. The members of the CISAR have plenty of both and are
always ready to go wherever help is needed.

94

UNIT5 ~~

1 Read the definitions of each word
below. Then choose the correct one
for each sentence.

1 major

[1] adj. more important than other things
of the same kind

the most important subject that a
student studies in university

[2]n.

e Sugar is a major cause ofhealth problems.[ ]
e His majoris the French language.[ ]

2 base

[1]. the main part of something

[2] v. to be in the main place where a
company does its business

e The company is based in Guangzhou.[ ]
e This dish hasa milk base.[ ]

3 character

the qualities of a person or place that
make it different from others

[2]n. a letter, number, or other mark used in
writing
[3]. aperson ina story or film

e Old Korean and Japanese characters are related
to Chinese characters. [ ]

e Work hard to be known as a person of good
character.[  ]

e The story is about two main characters, a

little boy and his mother. [

4 affair

[1]. a situation or matter that is being
considered
[2]n. an event
e The meetingwasalongandboringaffair[ ]
e。HuMingmanages student union affairs.[ ]

Using Words and Expressions

5 equal

[1] adj. the same as something else
[2]n. someone of the same importance
[3] v. to be exactly the same

e He treats all his students as equals.[ ]
e All workis ofequal value.[ ]

e Two plus four equals six.[ ]

2 Fillin the blanks with the correct forms
of the phrases below. Use a dictionary
to help you if there are words you do
not know.

(be) related to
struggle for

ups and downs
as if no matter

1 Money and fame are not
happiness. True happiness lies in being satisfied
with your life and being grateful for all the
things you have received.

2 how much money you can
earn and how successful you become in the
future, you should always remember where
you are from and keep your family and friends
close to your heart.

3 Life is always full of .Be
brave and do not complain when you
experience hard times. Just be strong and
make the best of things. You will get over
tough times sooner than you think.

4 Studying is not easy for me at all. However,
I fully understand it is something worth
putting effort into. I am not
good scores in exams, but rather, a chance
for a better future.

5 Be comfortable with who you are. Be happy
and laugh every day. Dance
nobody is watching. Sing
no oneis listening.

LANGUAGES AROUND THE WORLD ——

95

——— WORKBOOK - 一

96

3 Complete the advertisement with the

correct forms of the words below.

classic equal demand native
despite gap

system struggle

Have you ever tried to learn Chinese but

failed, your best efforts? Do you
with remembering vocabulary or
lose heart over the writing ? Have

you studied for the HSK ( 汉语 水 平 考试 ) but
still feel there is a large to close
before you can hope to pass? Do you want
to read the great Chinese from
early Chinese dynasties? High Point Chinese
Language School has the answers to all of
these questions! We welcome students from
everywhere, because we believe everybody
should have a(n) opportunity to
learn Chinese! We have classes for all levels
and interests. But sign up soon, as all of our
teachers are Chinese speakers
and are in great !

4 Translate the underlined parts in the

conversation into Chinese.

A: Hey, Im going to sign up for a Chinese
calligraphy class at that new language
school. Do you want to join me?

B: You know, I’m learning Chinese at my
school, and to be honest, my teacher's

method is really boring. I'm not sure I want
to take another Chinese class.

A: | think learning calligraphy will help you
feel better about Chinese! Calligraphy is

regarded as an art form. Many people enjoy.

B: I guess it would be good to learn! After all
there're over a billion people who speak and
read Chinese. OK, I'll find some time in my
schedule and try the class.

Using Structures

1

Underline the clauses in the
sentences and decide whether they
are restrictive relative clauses or
object clauses.

1 The reason why he found German so
difficult was because ofits grammar.

2 A: Have you decided where we should go

for our holiday yet?

B: After learning for two years, I really
want to visit a country where French is
spoken.

3 According to an old story, there was once a
time when the whole world spoke only one
language.

4 This passage introduces how Chinese
characters have changed over time.

Fill in the blanks with the correct
relative pronouns or adverbs. Add
a preposition where necessary.

1 Japanese uses three writing systems,
including kanji
(起源 ) in China.

2 Nineteen fifty-three was the year

Xinhua Zidian, or the New
Chinese Dictionary, first came out.

3 Bones symbols were carved,
known as “oracle bones’, have contributed a
lot to our understanding of China’s past.

4 There are many reasons
English is so widely used around the world

originated

in the fields of science, business, and more.

5 Sign language is of great importance for
people are deaf or have poor
hearing.
3 Complete the passage with the
correct relative pronouns or
adverbs below.

that when where (in) which who why

The United Nations (UN) is an organisation
aims to promote international
cooperation. It was founded in 1945 and has
about 190 member states. This is the reason
the UN has a huge number of
translators and interpreters, since international
meetings in the UN are attended by people
speak so many different languages.
Translators are people usually work
with written language, while interpreters work
with spoken language. Meetings
only two languages are used may need only
one interpreter, while larger events
leaders from many countries gather may need
over 70 interpreters.

There are two main ways that an interpreter
can provide spoken translation. First is the
method
stop every few sentences, so the interpreter can
translate those sentences for the audience. The

requires the speaker to

second method is the one the
interpreter listens and translates at the same
time. This second method is more difficult, but
the place the interpreter is located
is not so important. The interpreter can be in a
completely different location from the speaker,
listen through headphones, and translate for an

audience sitting in another location!

UNIT5 LANGUAGES AROUND THE WORLD

4 Match the sentence parts with the

times, places, and reasons. Then
make complete sentences with
restrictive relative clauses.

when/prep + which

A Lu Xun was born
B [have my debating class

1 (A) 1881
Eighteen eighty-one wag the year
when Lu Xun wag born.

2 ( ) Sunday

where/prep + which

C the oldest written European language
has been found
D language is processed

3 (_) the left part of the brain

4 (__) modern Turkey

why
E some students like to do volunteer work
F people often choose to learn a foreign language

5 ( ) caring about others

6 (__) spending sometime abroad

Think about one of your favourite
memories, and then write a
short paragraph about it. Use the
expressions below to help you.

One of my favourite memories is of the time
when...

The place where it happened was ...
That was the day when...

SS a

RE

The reason why ...

AL

a

97

一 一 WORKBOOK ——— 一

Reading

@) 1

98

Look at the pictures below. Do you know who they are? Can you think of any
similarities among these people? Read the text and check your answers.

POLYGLOTS: €
WHAT ARE THEY AND WHO CAN BE ONE? “jj

Some polyglots, who can speak quite a few languages, may seem especially talented.
Zhao Yuanren, a Chinese American linguist, could speak seven languages and more than
80 dialects. England’s Queen Elizabeth | could speak about 10 languages. A famous Italian
named Guiseppe Mezzofanti was reported to have been able to communicate in 30 to 40
languages. Polyglots are indeed amazing, but American teenager Tim Doner is living proof
that anyone can try to be one.

As a child, Tim studied French and Latin at school, but he found it difficult to be interested
in just words and grammar rules. When he was 13, Tim started listening to Hebrew rap
music. One day, he looked up the words in a dictionary and realised he could put them
together to make sentences! He started looking for people who spoke Hebrew so he could
practise, and then, he decided to sign up for a summer Arabic class. One evening, just for
fun, he posted a video of himself speaking Arabic and another of him speaking Hebrew.
Hebrew and Arabic speakers wrote nice comments on his videos and gave him advice. Tim
loved it. He could actually communicate with people! After that, Tim started looking for new
languages to learn, and posting more videos of himself speaking new languages, including
Chinese. Tim also began to use many other methods to make learning fun.

Tim wishes everyone would learn more than one language and not just as a school subject.
“Knowing a language is a lot more than knowing a couple of words out of a dictionary,”
Tim says. Languages are for communicating with people, learning about their culture, and
understanding how different people think. “Open up your mind to the fact that language
represents a cultural world view,” says Tim. “You can translate words easily, but you can’t
quite translate meaning.” Or, as Nelson Mandela said, “If you talk to a man in a language
he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his
heart.”

Scan the text for answers to the questions.

1 How did Tim Doner first become interested in learning languages?
2 Do you think that Tim Doner would say that polyglots are “especially talented”? Explain.
Underline the ways that Tim Doner used to learn foreign languages. Which

ones did he find successful? Have you ever used any of the methods in your
language learning?
a : = UNIT5 LANGUAGES AROUND THE WORLD 一 一

Writing //

1 Discuss in groups: What is wrong or inappropriate in the pictures below?
What similar experiences have you had or heard of?

Put the kitchen
in the chicken.

2 Write a short description of your experiences in learning English. You can
refer to the outline below.

99

~ WORKBOOK 一 一 - = — —

* Expanding Your World

THE BOOK THAT KEEPS ON GROWING

It is one of the most famous books in the
world; yet it has no story and no interesting
characters, no exciting beginning and no
satisfying ending. And yet this book keeps
being printed—and it keeps growing! At its last
printing, it was 20 volumes, with nearly 22,000
pages. This strangely popular book is one of
the most famous dictionaries in the English-
speaking world, the Oxford English Dictionary.

The Oxford English Dictionary, or OED for
short, began in 1857 as just an idea of a group
of people who thought the world needed an
English-language dictionary to show the history
of English words from 1150 CE to the present.
lt wasn’t until the late 1870s, however, when
James Murray joined the project that it began to
grow. Murray planned for a dictionary of about 6,400 pages in four volumes, completed in
10 years.

James Murray (1837-1915) did most of his work in a small metal building called the
Scriptorium. That small building, hot in summer and cold in winter, was the place where
Murray and his assistants collected millions of pieces of paper, each one with a word and
an example sentence or phrase written on it. Murray and his assistants worked hard, but
after five years they had only reached the word ant!

It was not until 1928 that the dictionary was declared complete and published: 10 volumes
with over 400,000 words and phrases. James Murray did not live to see the completion of
his life’s work; he passed away in 1915, over a decade before the OED came out.

As soon as the dictionary was published, however, the editors started to update it! in
1933, the Oxford English Dictionary was reprinted in 12 volumes. Between 1972 and
1986, four more volumes were added with new technical and scientific vocabulary and
words from other English-speaking countries, such as Canada, the USA, Australia, New
Zealand, and South Africa. In 1989, the entire dictionary was reprinted in 20 volumes!
Three years later, all 20 volumes were put onto CD-ROM, and the entire dictionary is
available online today.

With about 600,000 words and three million quotations from over 1,000 years of English,

the OED not only is a record of where the English language has come from but has also
become an important part of the history of English-speaking cultures around the world.

100
Appendices 附录
Notes 注释

Unit 1

Going from junior high school to senior high school is a really big challenge. 从 初中
过 渡 到 高 中 真是 一 项 巨大 的 挑战 。

going from junior high school to senior high school 在 句 中 作 主 语 。 英 语 中 ， 当 动词 或 动词 短语 用 作
主语 时 ， 可 以 使 用 动词 -ng 形式 。 如 :

Seeing is believing. 详 】 百 闻 不 如 一 见 。

Reading outside school is necessary and important in learning English. 课外 阅读 对 于 英语 学 习 既 必
要 又 重要 。

【 思考 】 本 单元 使 用 动词 pg 形式 作 主 语 的 句子 还 有 哪些 ? 你 能 找 出 它们 并 理解 其 意义 吗 ?

The school adviser helped me choose the suitable ones: maths, English, chemistry,
world history, and Chinese. 学 校 的 指导 老师 帮 有 我 选择 了 适合 我 的 课程 : 数学 、 英 语 、 化 学 、 世
界 史 和 中 文 。

美国 高 中 学 制 多 为 四 年 ， 采 取 学 分 制 ， 不 分 文理 科 ， 一 般 修 完 18~23 个 学 分 可 以 获得 高 中 毕业 证
书 。 高 中 课程 设置 分 基础 必修 和 选修 两 类 。 基 础 必修 课程 通常 包括 英语 、 数 学 、 自 然 科学 (如 生物 、 化
学 、 物 理 、 地 理 )、 社 会 科学 (如 历史 、 经 济 学 、 心 理学 )。 选 修 课程 内 容 丰 富 ， 有 视觉 艺术 (如 绘画 、 摄
影 )、 行 为 艺术 (如 合唱 、 戏 剧 、 舞 蹈 、 电 影 )、 职 业 课程 (如 木工 、 汽 车 修理 )、 计 算 机 、 商 业 、 体 育 、 新
闻 、 外 语 、 家 庭 和 消费 者 科学 、 健 康 等 。

My adviser recommended that 1 should sign up for advanced literature because |
like English and I’m good at it. 我 的 指导 老师 建议 我 选修 高 级 文学 , 因为 我 喜欢 英语 而 且 成 绩 不 错 。

recommend 意 为 “建议 ; 推荐 ” ， 其 后 常用 that 从句 表示 所 推荐 或 建议 的 内 容 ， 从 句 谓语 常用
“( should )+ 动 词 原形 " 。 如 :

We highly recommend that students (should) read some real-life materials from the English-speaking
countries. 我 们 强烈 建议 学 生 读 一 些 来 自 英语 国家 的 真实 生活 读物 。

| recommend that you (should) see your doctor. 我 建议 你 去 看 看 医生 。

recommend 后 面 除了 可 以 接 that 引导 的 宾语 从 句 ， 也 可 以 接 名 词 或 代词 。 如 :

| recommended the novel to my pen pal. 我 把 这 本 小 说 推荐 给 了 我 的 笔友 。

【 思考 】 你 还 知道 哪些 表达 “建议 ; 推荐 ”的 动词 ? 请 写 出 来 并 查阅 词典 ， 看 看 它们 是 否 具有 与
recommend 类 似 的 用 法 。

sign up (for sth) 是 一 个 短语 动词 ， 意 思 是 add your name to a list for something because you want
to take part in it， 尤 其 指 报名 参加 课程 学 习 。 如 :

| have decided to sign up for evening classes this term. 我 决定 这 个 学 期 报名 上 夜校 。

My sister is thinking of signing up for a yoga club. 我 姐姐 正 考虑 报名 加 入 瑜伽 俱乐部 。

Every Wednesday, we work at a soup kitchen and hand out food to homeless people
inthe community. 每 周三 ， 我 们 会 在 食品 救济 站 里 干 活 ， 把 食物 分 发 给 社区 里 的 无 家 可 归 者 。

soup kitchen 是 为 救济 贫民 、 灾 民 而 设 的 食品 施舍 场所 ， 这 里 通常 有 志愿 者 团体 承办 的 、 向 救济
对 象 免费 发 放 或 低 于 市 价 出 售 食品 的 活动 。 英 语 中 ， 与 soup kitchen 具有 类 似 功 能 的 场所 ， 还 有 meal
centre、food kitchen 等 。

101

——— Appendices —— =

102

§ Unit 2
1 the Eiffel Tower 埃菲尔 铁塔

RETR RELF ABCREAAB EMSRS HB, B3I00SK, Z-BEAHAANER. KE
最 初 是 为 1889 年 巴黎 世博 会 搭建 的 临时 建筑 。 该 建筑 在 设计 竞标 和 建设 过 程 中 备 受 争议 ， 但 铁塔 建成
后 却 深 受 法 国人 的 喜爱 。 铁 塔 以 其 设计 者 居 斯 塔 夫 ' 埃菲尔 的 姓氏 命名 。 如 今 它 不 仅 是 巴黎 城市 的 地
标 、 法 国文 化 的 象征 ， 也 是 吸引 世界 各 地 游客 前 来 观光 的 旅游 景点 。 人 们 可 以 乘坐 电梯 或 走 楼 梯 登 至 堪
项 ， 铁 塔 上 还 设 有 餐厅 和 观 景 台 。

2 Neuschwanstein Castle #xX#

MABEUTSRCKAL ASM, PRD. MABBEF 1809, 是 巴伐利亚 国王 路 德
维 希 二 世 ( Ludwig ll) HBRBBNH-BMATE. MABE, ZS RAWEHRERR,
美国 加 州 迪士尼 乐园 中 的 睡 美 人 城堡 就 是 以 此 为 原型 设计 建造 。

3 Peru 秘鲁

全 称 秘鲁 共和 国 ( Republic of Peru )， 国 土 面 积 100 多 万 平方 千 米 ， 拉 美 第 四 大 国家 。 秘 鲁 位 于 南
美洲 西部 ， 濒 临 太平 洋 ， 首 都 利 马 ( Lima )， 人 口 约 3,000 多 万 ， 官 方 语 言 为 西班牙 语 。 秘 鲁 是 印加 文明
的 发 源 地 ， 旅 游资 源 丰 富 。 境 内 有 库 斯 科 古 城 、 马 丘 比 后、 的 的 喀 喀 湖 等 世界 遗产 。

库 斯 科 ( Cusco 或 Cuzco )， 位 于 秘鲁 境内 安第斯 山脉 的 山谷 中 ， 是 库 斯 科 省 首府 。 库 斯 科 是 古 印
加 帝国 的 首都 ， 是 当时 的 政治 、 经 济 、 文 化 及 宗教 中 心 。 古 城区 内 的 建筑 具有 典型 的 古 印加 石 建 筑 风
格 ， 许 多 石板 街道 蚁 晓 于 建筑 的 石 墙 之 间 ， 游 人 行走 其 中 犹如 在 石 廊 中 穿行 。 除 此 以 外 ， 城 内 还 有 许多
西班牙 殖民 时 代 的 建筑 。

马 丘 比丘 ( Machu Picchu )， 秘 鲁 著名 的 印加 帝国 古城 遗迹 ， 位 于 库 斯 科 西 北方 。 马 丘 比 丘 大 约 建
于 公元 15 世 纪 。 全 城 分 为 两 大 部 分 : 梯田 和 城区 。 城 区 内 有 广场 、 庙 宇和 居住 区 等 。 古 城建 筑 风格 独
特 ， 全 用 巨石 建成 ， 打 磨 光滑 且 形 状 规则 的 石 墙 之 间接 缝 严 密 ， 毫 无 灰 浆 痕迹 。 遗 迹 于 1911 年 被 考古
学 家 发 现 ， 并 借用 附近 的 山名 将 其 称 作 “ 马 丘 比 丘 "。 这 一 遗迹 被 认为 是 历史 悠久 的 安第斯 文化 的 集中
代表 。

的 的 喀 喀 湖 (Lake Titicaca )， 位 于 玻利维亚 和 秘鲁 交界 的 科 亚 奥 高 原 上 ， 属 两 国共 有 。 该 湖 是 南
美洲 第 三 大 湖 ， 某 些 地 方 水 深 超过 270 米 ， 享 有 “高 原 明珠 ”的 美誉 ， 也 是 著名 的 游览 胜地 。 湖 中 有 很
多 岛屿 ， 一 些 岛屿 上 还 有 印第安 文明 遗址 。

乌 鲁 斯 人 ( the Uros， 也 作 Uru )， 是 生活 在 的 的 喀 喀 湖上 的 古老 民族 。 他 们 长 年 生活 在 湖 中 的 浮 岛
上 ， 主 要 以 捕 鱼 和 出 售 手工 编织 的 芦苇 工艺 装饰 品 为 生 。

4 the Andes Mountains 安第斯 山脉

安第斯 山脉 纵 贯 南美 洲 西岸 ， 是 世界 海平 面 以 上 最 长 的 山系 ， 拥 有 不 少 海拔 6,000 米 以 上 且 山 顶 终
年 积 雪 的 高 峰 。 安 第 斯 山脉 有 “南美 洲 脊 粱 ”之 称 ， 植 被 和 矿产 资源 丰富 。

5 the Amazon rainforest 亚 马 孙 热 带 雨 林

亚 马 孙 热 带 雨林 位 于 南美 洲 的 亚 马 孙 盆地 。 雨 林 总 面积 的 三 分 之 二 位 于 巴西 境内 ， 其 余 覆 盖 了 玻 利
维 亚 、 秘 鲁 、 厄 瓜 多 尔 、 哥 伦比 亚 及 委内瑞拉 等 地 区 ， 是 全 球面 积 最 大 、 物 种 最 多 的 热带 雨林 。 亚 马 孙
雨林 占 世界 雨林 总 面积 的 一 半 ， 占 全 球 森 林 面 积 的 20%。 如 今 大 约 10% 的 亚 马 孙 雨 林 已 遭 破 坏 ; 砍伐 、
采矿 等 还 威胁 着 亚 马 孙 热 带 雨 林地 区 的 土著 居民 文化 。

the Inca Empire 印加 帝国

FMB RSMAS ATH. BHAA BERA ASME eK, SRR ARERR LER
盖 了 整个 南美 洲 西部 。 印 加 帝国 于 16 世 纪 因 西班牙 殖民 者 入 侵 而 被 颠覆 瓦解 。 印 加 文明 是 南美 洲 古 代
印第安 人 文明 ， 它 与 玛雅 文明 、 阿 效 特 克文 明 并 称 为 “印第安 三 大 古老 文明 ”。

【 思考 】 你 还 知道 其 他 有 关 古 印加 文化 的 情况 吗 ? 如 果 你 感 兴 趣 ， 可 以 通过 网 络 或 者 百科 全 书 搜寻
更 多 详细 的 资料 。

You can then spend three days exploring the rainforest with a local guide and
enjoying the plants and animals unique to the rainforest. 在 接 下 来 的 三 天 里 ， 您 可 以 在 当
地 导游 的 陪同 下 ， 深 入 雨林 进行 探索 ， 欣 赏 雨林 特有 的 动 植物 。

unique to the rainforest 是 形容 词 短语 ， 用 作 定 语 ， 修 饰 the plants and animals。 英 语 中 ， 形 容 词 短
语 用 作 定 语 可 以 位 于 被 修饰 词 之 后 。 如 ;

a book interesting to me 一 本 我 觉得 有 趣 的 书

the student worried about the exams 担心 考试 的 学 生

形容 词 unique 与 介词 to 搭配 ， 构 成 (be) unique to sb/sth 结 构 ， 表 示 “ 某 人 、 地 或 事物 ) 独 具 的 、
特有 的 " 。 如 ;
This flower is unique to the area. 这 种 花 是 这 一 地 区 独 有 的 。

Especially amazing is the Incas’ dry stone method of building. 特别 令 人 惊叹 的 是 印加 人
的 干 式 石头 搭 砌 的 建造 方法 。

这 是 一 个 倒 装 结构 ， 因 语 篇 衔接 和 语义 需要 而 使 用 ， 表 语 especialy amazing 前 置 是 为 了 突出 和 强
调 。 正 常 语序 的 句子 为 “The Incas’ dry stone method of building is especially amazing.”。 如 :

Higher up was an old castle where a king once lived. 再 往 高 处 去 就 是 一 座 旧 城堡 ， 一 位 国王 曾 在 此
居住 。

Inca builders cut stones to exact sizes so that nothing was needed to hold walls
together other than the perfect fit of the stones. 印加 的 建筑 工人 将 石头 切割 成 精确 的 尺寸，
仅仅 赁 着 石头 间 的 完美 契合 ， 即 可 稳固 墙 体 。

other than 在 句 中 是 “除了 ”之 意 ， 用 法 较为 正式 ， 常 用 于 否定 语气 之 后 。 此 处 ，other than 的 作用
相当 于 介词 。 如 :

There is nobody here other than the teacher 这 里 除 老 师 外 再 无 别人 了 。

The form cannot be signed by anyone other than yourself. 该 表 除 了 你 本 人 ， 别 人 不 能 代 签 。

【 思考 】 你 能 想 出 几 个 与 other than 意义 相近 的 单词 或 短语 吗 ?

Unit 3

Would you like to go to the soccer game? 你 想 去 看 足球 比赛 吗 ?

Soccer 足 球 ， 英 式 英语 中 用 football 表 示 。 现 代 足 球 是 世界 上 开展 最 广泛 、 影 响 最 大 的 运动 项 目 。
在 北美 地 区 ， 尤 其 是 美国 ，soccer 和 football 是 两 种 完全 不 同 的 运动 。 美 式 英语 中 soccer 指 英 式 足 球 ，
football 则 是 美式 足球 ， 即 美式 橄榄 球 ， 是 一 种 运动 员 必须 穿戴 规定 服装 和 护 具 的 强 对 抗 性 运动 。 在 英
国 ， 人 们 把 橄榄 球 运 动 称 作 rugby football( 简称 rugby )， 把 美式 橄榄 球 称 作 American football.

e-sports 电子 竞技

全 称 electronic sports， 也 译作 “电子 体育 " 。 电 子 竞 技 运动 是 利用 电子 设备 作为 运动 器 械 进行 的 、
人 与 人 之 间 的 智力 对 抗 运动 。2003 年 11 月 18 日 ,中 国 国 家 体育 总 局 正式 批准 将 电子 竞技 列 为 第 99 个 正

103
-一 一 Appendices

104

式 体 育 竞赛 项 , 2011 年 将 其 改 批 为 第 78 个 正式 体育 竞赛 项 。2017 年 10 月 国际 奥 委 会 同意 将 其 视 为 一 项

【 思考 】 你 对 电子 竞技 如 何 客观 评价 ?

One of the best players had been injured, and the team captain had to leave because
of heart problems. 最 优秀 的 队员 中 有 一 人 受伤 了 ， 而 且 队长 也 因 心脏 问题 离队 。

had been injured 是 过 去 完成 时 的 被 动 语 态 。 过 去 完成 时 态 指 先 于 过 去 某 动 作 发 生前 完成 的 动作 ，
即 “ 过 去 的 过 去 ”， 用 “had + 过 去 分 词 ”表示 。 在 这 里 ，had been injured 与 后 半 名 the team captain
had to leave .…. 形 成 参照 ， 指 这 名 优秀 队员 受伤 在 前 ， 队 长 因 心 脏 问题 离队 在 后 。 如 :

By the time | rushed to the train station, the train had already left. 当 我 赶 到 火车 站 时 ， 火 车 已 经 开 走 了 。

She had finished her homework before she started to read the novel. 她 看 小 说 之 前 就 已 经 完成 了
作业 。

【 思考 】 现 在 完成 时 和 过 去 完成 时 在 形式 上 有 何 区 别 ? 其 表达 的 意义 有 什么 不 同 ?

captain 的 基本 词义 是 “队伍 或 团体 的 领导 者 ( the leader of a group of people)”, ZARA
有 不 同 的 中 文 翻译 。 在 体育 运动 队 中 可 译作 “队长 ”; 在 航空 飞行 领域 则 是 “机 长 " ;在 航海 舰 船上 为
“Mic, 船长 "; 在 军队 中 则 是 “上 尉 ， 上 校 ” 等 。captain 还 可 以 指 在 某 一 领域 内 有 能 力 和 影响 力 的 人
物 。 如 :

acaptain of food industry 食品 工业 巨头

The Boys and Girls Club which he started in Chicago has been helping young people
since 1996. 他 (乔丹 ) 在 芝加哥 所 创建 的 “男孩 女孩 俱乐部 ”从 19946 年 至 今 一 直 在 帮助 年 轻 人 。

本 句 主 句 时 态 为 现在 完成 进行 时 ， 这 一 时 态 主要 用 于 表示 过 去 开始 并 一 直 延 续 的 动作 ， 可 能 刚刚 停
止 ， 也 可 能 还 在 进行 。 如 :

How long have you been waiting here? 您 在 这 儿 等 了 多 久 了 ?

He has been running since 4:00 p.m., but doesn’t want to stop at all. 他 从 下 午 四 点 开始 跑 ， 丝 毫 不
愿 停 下 来 。

| tried no-fat, low-fat, 5:2, only bananas, no bananas 一 | almost went bananas, too.
我 尝试 了 无 脂肪 、 低 脂肪 、5:2 RAIA. RIGER. NEBR 一 一 我 也 几 近 疯 狂 。

作者 采用 幽默 的 方式 陈述 了 自己 所 试 过 的 各 种 节食 疗法 。 其 中 5:2 读 作 five to two， 指 the 5:2 diet,
即 “ 一 周 有 五 天 正常 饮食 ， 两 天 ( 不 连续 ) 以 减肥 为 目的 控制 饮食 ”"。

go bananas 是 非 正 式 用 法 ， 用 来 表示 “发 疯 ; 疯狂 ”， 在 本 文中 是 双关 语 ， 一 方面 比喻 作者 几乎
要 变 成 了 香 葵 ， 另 一 方面 说 明 自己 被 节食 疗法 搞 得 几 近 疯狂 。go 用 作 系 动词 ， 多 表示 趋向 消极 意味 的
“ 变 得 ; ER". WM:

The jelly’s gone mouldy. RBAB To

My grandma’s hair is going grey. 我 奶奶 的 头发 日 渐 花 白 。

1want to be able to do 30 push-ups. 我 希望 能 做 30 个 俯卧 撑 。

push-up 是 由 短语 动词 push up 转化 而 来 的 名 词 。 这 是 一 种 构 词 方式 ， 用 连 字符 或 者 连 写 的 方式 将
短语 动词 转化 为 名 词 。 这 种 结构 的 名 词 具 备 名词 的 基本 特征 ， 如 可 数 和 不 可 数 、 单 复数 等 。 类 似 的 名 词
还 有 sit-up( 仰卧 起 坐 )、clean-up( 大 扫除 )、check-up( 体检 ， 亦 作 checkup ) 等 。 遇 到 这 些 词语 时 ，
可 以 先 猜测 词义 ， 然 后 查阅 词典 进行 核实 。

【 思考 】 你 能 说 出 下 面 句 子 中 的 lf-of 和 take-off 的 意思 吗 ?

The rocket lift-off is set for 4:35 p.m., depending on the weather.

Our plane is on the runway, ready for take-off.
Unit 4

It seemed as if the world were coming to an end! 仿佛 世界 末日 即将 来 临 !

as if 是 一 个 连词 结构 ， 用 来 引导 从 句 ， 意 为 “好 像 ; 似乎 ; 仿佛 ”。 从 句 根据 说 话 人 所 陈述 内 容 的
真实 性 或 可 能 性 ， 可 用 陈述 语气 或 虚拟 语气 。 如 :

The pot is smoking. It looks as if the food is overcooked. 锅 在 冒 烟 ， 看 样子 食物 都 者 过 头 啦 。

He talks as if he knows everything. 他 说 话 的 口气 好 像 是 知道 了 一 切 。

She was sitting there as if nothing had happened. 她 坐 在 那儿 ， 若 无 其 事 的 样子 。

come to an end 此 处 与 the world 搭 配 ， 表 示 “ 世 界 末 日 来 临 ”的 意思 。come to 还 常常 与 decision、
conclusion, agreement 等 词汇 拱 配 ， 表 示 “ 达 成 ; 得 到 ”等 意思 。 如 :

They finally came to an agreement after a long discussion. 他 们 在 长 时 间 讨论 之 后 终于 达成 了 一
致意 见 。

Nearly one third of the whole nation felt it! 全 国 几 乎 三 分 之 一 的 地 方 均 有 震感 。

one third 表 示 “ 三 分 之 一 " 。 英 语 中 分 数 词 由 基数 词 和 序数 词 构成 ， 分 子 用 基数 词 ( one, two,...),
分 母 用 序数 词 ( frst, second, .… )。 当 分 子 大 于 一 时 ， 分 母 用 复数 。 如 :

+ one fifth 号 two thirds 3 three fourths ae two and five sixths

If an apple is cut into six equal slices, each slice is called one sixth. If you eat two slices, you eat
two sixths or one third. 如 果 一 个 苹果 被 平分 为 六 块 ， 每 块 就 是 六 分 之 一 。 如 果 你 吃 掉 两 块 ， 就 是 吃 掉
TAAZIRERS—o

Everywhere survivors looked, there was nothing but ruins. 幸存 者 目 及 之 处 无 一 不 是 废

°

everywhere 在 句 中 作 连 词 用 ， 引 导 状 语 从 句 。 如 :

Everywhere we go, we hear people predicting the election results. 无 论 我 们 走 到 哪里 ， 都 听见 人 们
在 预测 选举 结果 。

Everywhere they appeared, they were welcomed with applause and flowers. 他 们 不 论 在 哪里 出 现 ，
都 会 得 到 掌声 和 鲜花 的 欢迎 。

... the army sent 150,000 soldiers to Tangshan to dig out those who were trapped
and to bury the dead.…… 部 队 派出 了 15 万 名 士兵 奔赴 唐山 , 将 受 困 群 众 从 废墟 中 挖 出 , 并 掩埋 死者 。

the dead 意 为 “死者 ; 逝 者 "。“the + 形容 词 转化 而 来 的 名 词 ”表达 具有 该 形容 词语 义 特征 或 状态
的 “人 ”或 “ 物 ”， 为 集合 概念 。 这 类 名 词 无 复数 词尾 ， 通 常 当 作 复 数 词 使 用 。 如 :

The old sometimes help the young to enrich their social experiences. 长 者 有 时 帮助 年 轻 人 丰富 社会
BIB.

For the disabled, life can sometimes be difficult. We should care for them in every way possible. 对
残疾 人 来 说 ， 生 活 有 时 会 有 困难 。 不 管 什么 时 候 ， 我 们 都 要 尽 可 能 地 关心 他 们 。

| 思考 ] 你 还 能 举 出 类 似 the dead. the young, the old 的 例子 吗 ?

In Sri Lanka, some 1,600 kilometres west of the quake centre, the number of deaths
stood at 2,498... 在 斯 里 兰 卡 ， 震 中 以 西 约 1,600 千 米 处 ， 死 亡 人 数 高 达 2,498 人 ……

stand at sth 表示 “ 达 特 定 水 平 ( KB. BRS). mM:

It is said that the highest death toll caused by a lightning strike stands at 91, when a plane was
struck and crashed into the Amazon rainforest in 1971. 据说 ， 被 雷电 击 中 造成 死亡 的 最 高 纪录 为 91 A.
那 是 1971 年 ， 一 架 飞 机 被 击 中 并 鞋 毁 于 亚 马 孙 雨 林 。

一 - Notes 一 一

105

Appendices 一 一 OO

§ Unit 5
1 It dates back several thousand years to the use of longgu ... 它 可 以 追溯 到 数 千 年 前 使 用 龙
SANE eee
date back 常 和 to 搭配 ， 意 为 “追溯 到 ……”， 相 当 于 date from。 如 :

His family history dates back to the 1700s. 他 的 家 族 历史 可 以 追溯 到 18 世 纪 。

/onggu 龙 骨 ， 英 文 为 oracle bones， 此 处 指 我 国 上 古 时 期 ( 主要 指 商 朝 后 期 ) BWSR. SSL
向 神灵 、 祖 先 邑 问 吉凶 、 解 疑 释 惑 时 所 记载 下 来 的 卜辞 符号 。 这 些 符 号 统称 为 “甲骨 文 ” 。 甲 骨 文 已 经
是 一 种 相当 成 熟 的 文字 ， 使 用 了 和 象形、 会意、 形声 、 假 借 等 造 字 方法 。1899 年 ， 甲 骨 文 被 我 国清 代 学 者
王 获 荣 发 现 ， 至 今 发 掘 的 甲骨 文 片 已 达 16 万 片 以 上 。 甲 骨 文 记 录 了 商 朝 大 量 历史 事件 ， 是 研究 中 国 早
期 历史 的 宝贵 资料 。

2 Even today, no matter where Chinese people live or what dialect they speak, they can
all still communicate in writing. 即使 在 今天 ， 不 论 住 在 哪里 ， 也 不 论说 何 种 方言 ， 中 国人 都 仍 能
通过 书写 OCF) 进行 交流 。

no matter (what/how/where/when/whether) ... 是 一 个 引导 让 步 状语 从 句 的 连词 结构 ， 意 为 “无 论

( 什么、 怎样 、 哪 里 、 何 时 、 是 否 等 ) …… ”， 可 置 于 句 首 、 句 中 和 句 尾 。 如 :

No matter how fast the rabbit ran, it could not escape the big grey wolf. 无 论 这 兔子 跑 多 快 ， 都 无 法
逃 过 那 大 灰 狼 。

Any person, no matter who they are, must go through an identity check. 任何 人 ， 无 论 是 谁 ， 都 要
接受 身份 检查 。

I'll leave anyway, no matter what you say. 不 管 你 说 什么 ， 我 都 要 离开 。

3 Chinese calligraphy 中 国 书法

书法 是 使 书写 优美 的 艺术 。 中 国 书法 具有 独特 的 艺术 价值 和 悠久 的 历史 ， 早 在 两 千 多 年 前 就 发 展 为
一 种 艺术 形式 。 书 法 字体 多 样 ， 最 为 知名 的 有 楷书 、 行 书 、 草 书 、 隶 书 、 篆 书 等 。 中 国 古 代 有 许多 著名
的 书法 家 ， 如 : ERZ. RAM. MON, RAM, KA, BEES, REPARHEREREPSE
艺术 宝库 中 的 瑰宝 。 除 了 作为 一 门 艺术 独 立 存在 ， 优 秀 的 书法 还 能 装饰 书籍 和 画 稿 ， 美 化 建筑 物 和 其 他
艺术 品 。 研 习 书 法 不 仅 能 够 学 习 中 国 传统 文化 艺术 ， 还 能 培养 美感 、 陶 冶 性 情 、 修 身 养 性 。

4 As China plays a greater role in global affairs, an increasing number of international
students are beginning to appreciate China's culture and history through this amazing
language. 随 着 中 国 在 全 球 事务 中 扮演 着 更 为 重要 的 角色 ， 越 来 越 多 的 国际 学 生 开始 通过 汉语 这 一 奇
妙 的 语言 了 解 和 欣赏 中 国 的 文化 和 历史 。

a number of 意 为 “很 多 ; 好 些 " ， 这 时 number 还 可 被 large、small、good、growing 等 形容 词 修
饰 。increasing 在 句 中 修饰 number， 表 示 “ 不 断 增 加 ;持续 增多 ”。 如 :

A good number of my classmates agree with me. 我 班 上 的 不 少 同学 都 赞同 我 ( 的 意见 )。

Though she is quite a popular writer only a small number of her works can be found in public
libraries. 尽管 她 是 一 位 十 分 知名 的 作家 ， 但 公共 图 书馆 中 能 够 找到 的 她 的 作品 却 不 多 。

【 思考 】 在 第 四 单元 我 们 学 过 另外 一 个 短语 the number of。 你 能 说 出 the number of 与 a number of
的 用 法 有 何不 同 吗 ? 请 查阅 工具 书 ， 找 出 更 多 的 例句 并 说 明 它 们 的 不 同 。

5 1can never quite get the main idea. Any advice? 我 从 来 就 没 能 完全 搞 懂 过 大 意 。 有 什么 建
议 吗 ?

这 是 英语 口语 中 的 常用 表达 ， 句 中 never quite get sth 意 指 说 话 人 往往 能 听 懂 部 分 词句 ， 但 不 敢 保
证 完全 听 明 白 了 。 这 种 表达 的 另 一 种 近似 说 法 为 can't always quite get sth. 40:

106
Notes 一 -一

I'm afraid | can’t always quite get what he says. He has a strong accent, you know. 我 担心 自己 总 是
不 能 完全 听 懂 他 说 的 话 。 你 知道 的 ， 他 口音 很 重 。

“Any advice?” 是 一 个 省 略 句 ， 其 完整 形式 是 “Have you got any advice?” 或 “Do you have any
advice?”。 这 里 的 网 络 留言 是 非 正式 文体 ， 所 以 作者 使 用 了 口语 中 常见 的 省 略 句 形式 。

【 思考 】 除 了 “Sounds great!” “How nice!” “Any questions?” 等 表达 以 外 ， 你 知道 口语 中 还 有 哪
些 省 略 形式 的 表达 ?

6 …Ssolontyneed a few words to bridge the gap between us. …… 因 此 我 只 需 说 几 个 字 ， 就
能 消除 我 们 之 间 的 距离 。

句 中 bridge 作 动词 ， 表 示 “ 减 小 、 消 除 两 者 间 的 隔 阅 、 鸿 沟 或 分 歧 "” 。 如 :

The differences between two cultures can always be bridged if the people of these areas continue to
communicate. 只 要 两 种 文化 地 域 的 人 们 不 断交 流 沟通 ， 两 种 文化 间 的 差异 总 是 可 以 缩小 的 。

Sometimes it is really hard to bridge the generation gap. 有 时 候 要 消除 代沟 确实 非常 困难 。

107
一 一 Appendices 一 一 一 一 一

Grammar 语法

| Phrases 短语 (1)

短语 或 词组 ( Phrases ) 是 具有 一 定 意义 但 不 构成 句子 或 从 句 的 一 组 词 。
1 名 词 短语 ( Noun Phrase ): 指 以 一 个 名 词 为 中 心 构成 的 短语 ， 在 句 中 的 功能 相当 于 名 词 。
2 形容 词 短语 ( Adjective Phrase ) : 指 以 一 个 形容 词 为 中 心 构 成 的 短语 ， 在 句 中 的 功能 相当 于 形容 词 。
3 副词 短语 ( Adverb Phrase ) : 指 以 一 个 副词 为 中 心 构 成 的 短语 ， 在 句 中 的 功能 相当 于 副词 。

让

名 词 短 语 ( 限定 词 ) + ( 形容 在 句 中 当 作 名 词 用 ， a beautiful campus
(Noun Phrase) 词 、 形 容 词 短语 、 一 般 用 作 主 语 、 宾
描述 性 名 词 ) + 名 语 、 表 语 或 宾语 补 Some school clubs

ia + ( 介词 短语 ) Bo a beautiful campus of my school
形容 词 短语 ( 副词 ) + 形容 词 + 在 句 中 当 作 形容 词 very suitable
人
(Adjective Phrase) ( 介词 短语 ) eS ce git ae really very confusing
作 表 语 或 者 宾语 补 _strong enough
语 。 good for nothing
副词 短语 (副词 ) + 副词 在 句 中 当 作 副词 用 ， very quickly
(Adverb Phrase) 可 以 修饰 动词 、 形 ”quite well
容 词 或 副词。 far too fast
much more creatively
说 明 :

1 在 “组 成 ”中 ， 括 号 里 的 成 分 是 可 选项 。

2 在 名 词 短语 的 “组 成 ”中 ， 限 定 词 包括 冠 词 ( a/an/the) 、 指 示 代词 (this. that. these, those 等 ) 、
物 主 代词 (my, your, his, her, our, their) 和 不 定 代词 ( some, no, neither, both 等 ) 。

3 副词 enough 在 修饰 形容 词 或 者 副词 构成 形容 词 短语 或 者 副词 短语 时 ， 一 般 放 在 所 修饰 的 形容 词 或 者 副
词 后 面 。

ll Tenses 时 态 (1)

现在 进行 时 (The Present Continuous Tense) 表示 将 来

初中 阶段 学 习 过 be going to do 和 wil/shall do 的 形式 表示 将 来 意义 。 英 语 中 还 可 以 用 现在 进行 时 ( be
doing ) 表示 计划 安排 好 要 采取 的 行动 或 要 做 的 事情 。 如 ;

What are you doing forthe National Day holiday? 你 国庆 假期 打算 做 什么 ?

Sam is taking advanced literature next term. 萨 姆 下 学 期 要 选修 高 级 文学 。

We are spending the Spring Festival in Sanya. My parents have booked the air tickets. 我 们 打算 在 三
过 春节 。 我 爸 妈 已 经 订 好 机 票 了 。

在 使 用 现在 进行 时 表示 将 来 的 句子 中 ， 除 非 上 下 文 意思 清楚 ， 通 常 都 需要 时 间 状 语 。 如 ，

Are you meeting your coach this weekend? 这 个 周末 你 要 和 教练 见面 吗 ?

We are having a few guests over tomorrow. 明天 有 几 位 客人 要 来 。

== ~~ Grammar 一 一

be doing 表示 将 来 与 be going to do 和 will do 的 比较

1 be doing, be going to do 都 可 以 表示 即将 要 做 的 事情 。 前 者 更 强调 事先 计划 好 的 安排 、 确 定 要 做 的 事情 ;
后 者 表示 说 话 者 的 打算 和 意图 ， 还 可 表示 根据 当前 情况 作出 的 预言 。 试 体会 下 面 两 个 句子 的 不 同 含义 ，
A: Hey, your room is really a mess ... 噬 ， 你 的 房间 真是 一 团 糟 .……

B,: | know. I'm cleaning it this afternoon. 知道 啦 ， 我 打算 今天 下 午 就 打扫 。
Bz: | know. I’m going to clean it. 40i#0, HATHA.

2 be doing 5 will do 表示 即将 发 生 的 事情 时 ，will 更 强调 个 人 意愿 和 了 瞬间 的 决定 。 试 体会 下 面 句 子 中 两 者
的 用 法 ，

A: Oh, it’s 8:20. I'm going to be late for my class. I’m giving my students a very important test this
morning. 08 , 8:20, 我 上 课 要 迟到 了 。 今 天 早上 我 要 给 学 生 一 场 重要 考试 呢 。
B: Honey, don’t worry, I'll drive you to your school right away. 亲爱 的 ， 别 担心 。 我 马上 开车 送 你 去 学 校 。

lll Tag Questions 附加 疑问 句

附加 疑问 句 ， 又 称 反 意 疑 问 句 ， 主 要 用 于 口语 ， 其 作用 是 说 话 人 向 对 方 验证 自己 的 陈述 或 者 判断 ， 也
可 以 用 于 祈 使 句 表示 请 求 或 者 建议 。
1 附加 锋 问 句 的 组 成

附加 疑问 句 包括 陈述 部 分 和 附加 疑问 部 分 。 附 加 蜂 问 部 分 一 般 由 助动词 、be 动词 或 情态 动词 和 表示 主
语 的 代词 构成 。

You often play badminton, don’t you?

肯定 式 陈述 部 分 + 否定 附加 疑问 部 分 :
You're going to the gym with me, aren’t you?

= : It’s not a real sport, is it?
否定 式 陈述 部 分 + 肯定 附加 疑问 部 分 ee a
They can’t finish it by Friday, can they?

é “ ae : Nobody saw him walk into the room, did they?
含有 否定 词 的 陈述 部 分 + 肯定 附加 疑问 部 分 :
You've never been to Paris, have you?
Come along with me, will you?/can you?/won’t
祈 使 句 + 附加 疑问 部 分 you?/can’t you?

Don’t make any noise, will you?

2 附加 疑问 句 的 回答
附加 疑问 句 的 答 语 与 一 般 疑 问 名 类似， 注意 其 与 汉语 表达 习惯 的 差异 。 如 :
(1) A: The 29th Olympic Games were held in Beijing, weren't they?
B: Yes, they were. (Yes, that’s right.)
(2) A: Michael Jordan started to play basketball in college, didn’t he?
B: No, he didn’t. He first played in a team at senior high school.
(3) A; David has been to a boxing match, hasn’t he?
B: No, he hasn’t. He always watches boxing on TV.
(4) A: You can’t cook, can you? 你 不 会 做 饭 ， 是 吗 ?
B: Yes, I can. I’m good at cooking. 不 ， 我 会 。 我 做 饭 很 好 。

3 附加 疑问 部 分 的 读 法

陈述 部 分 一 般 用 降 调 ， 而 附加 疑问 部 分 既 可 用 升 调 也 可 用 降 调 ， 但 含义 有 所 不 同 。 通 常情 况 下 ， 用 升
调 时 ， 多 表示 疑问 或 请 求 ; 用 降 调 时 ， 多 表示 求证 或 希望 对 方 同意 。 如 :

The school team have won the gold medal，A haven't they?

The school team have won the gold medal, y haven’t they?

109

— Appendices

110

IV Restrictive Relative Clauses 限制 性 定语 从 名 (1) (2)

在 复合 句 中 ， 修 饰 名 词 或 代词 的 从 句 叫 作 定语 从 句 。
1 关系 代词 和 关系 副词

定语 从 句 通常 由 关系 代词 或 关系 副词 引导 ， 说 明 事 物 的 具体 信息 ， 从 句 位 于 被 修饰 词 之 后 。 如 ;

The man who lives next to us is a police officer 住 在 我 们 隔壁 的 那 位 男士 是 一 位 警官 。

A drone is an aircraft without a pilot that is operated by remote control. 无 人 机 是 一 种 无 飞行 员 、 被 遥
控 操 作 的 飞机 。

We will start at the point where we left off last time. 我 们 从 上 次 结束 的 地 方 开始 吧 。

上 面 例句 中 的 man aircraft 和 point 都 是 被 定语 从 句 修饰 的 词 , 叫 作 先行 词 。 其 后 的 黑体 部 分 是 定语 从 句 ，
其 中 who 和 that 叫 作 关系 代词 ，where 叫 作 关系 副词 。 引 导 定 语 从 句 的 词 通常 有 关系 代词 that、which、
who ( 宾 格 whom, 所 有 格 whose ) ; 关系 副词 where、when、why 等 。

2 关系 代词 that、which、who ( 宾 格 whom) 引导 的 定语 从 句

This is a book that interests a large number of people. ( 作 主 语 )
that . ls there anything (that) / can do for you? ( 作 宾语 )
在 从 句 中 作 主 语
或 宾语 He that would eat the fruit must climb the tree. ( 作 主语 )
™ He is a man (that) you can safely trust. ( 作 宾语 )
which : The bus which has just left was the last one today. ( 作 主 语 )
在 从 句 中 作 主 语 i868 : oe
或 宾语 The fish (which) | bought this morning were not fresh. ( 作 宾 语 )
The expert who visited our class yesterday is from Canada. ( 作 主语 )
who, whom Is he the boy who always wins maths competitions? ( 作 主 语 )
在 从 句 中 分 别 作 BA ， er poe
主语 或 宾语 The one (who/whom) we are talking about is a scientist. ( 作 宾 语 )
This is the teacher to whom | referred. ( 作 宾语 )
说 明 :

关系 代词 hat、which、who ( 宾 格 whom ) 在 从 句 中 作 宾 语 时 ， 特 别 是 在 口语 或 非 正 式 的 书面 表达 中 ，
常常 省 略 。

3 关系 代词 whose 引导 的 定语 从 名
关系 代词 whose 引导 的 定语 从 句 先行 词 既 可 以 是 人 ， 也 可 以 是 物 。whose 在 从 句 中 作 定语 。 如 :
She is the girl whose brother is studying abroad.
The room whose window faces south is mine.
| talked with the man whose house was destroyed in the flood.
He has written a book whose name /ve forgotten.

4 FI when, where, why 引导 的 定语 从 句
定语 从 句 可 以 由 关系 副词 when、where、why 等 引导 ， 关 系 副词 在 从 句 中 作 状 语 。 当 when, where 引
导 定 语 从 句 时 ， 其 对 应 的 先行 词 分 别 是 表示 时 间 的 名 词 和 表示 地 点 的 名 词 。
= 一 -一 = 一 Grammar 一 一

关系 副词

when
在 从 句 中 作
时 间 状 语

where
在 从 句 中 作
地 点 状语

why
在 从 句 中 作
原因 状语

例句

The first of October, 1949, is the day when ( = on which) the People’s Republic
of China was founded.

I'll never forget the time when ( = during which) we visited Xi’an.
Do you remember the day when (= on which) we first met?

This is the place where ( = at/in which ) we first met.

The hotel where ( = at/in which ) we stayed was very clean.

| recently went back to the town where ( = in which ) my father was born.
I’d like to live in a country where ( = in which ) there is plenty of sunshine.

That’s the reason why ( = for which ) he missed his bus.
| didn’t get a pay rise, but this wasn’t the reason why ( = for which )! left.

111
112

-—— Appendices —

Words and Expressions in Each Unit
各 单元 生词 和 习惯 用 语

注 : 黑体 部 分 为 课 标 词 和 短语 ; 白 体 部 分 为 非 课 标 词 ; 专 有 名 词 在 每 单元 词 表 后 面 单独 列 出 。

是 Welcome Unit

exchange /iks'tf{ernd3/
n. 交换 ; 交流
vt. 交换 ;交流 ; RA; 兑换
lecture /‘lektfa(r)/ n. 讲座 ;讲课 ; 教训
vi. (FF) HE; 讲课
vt. 训斥
registration /,red31'strerfn/
n. Sic; 注册 ; 挂号
register /‘red3ista(r)/ vt. & vi. Bid; 注册
Sex /seks/ n. 性 别
female /'fi:merl/ adj. & (性 ) 的 ; HEAS
n. MEME) (48) 物 ; 女子
male /merl/ adj. 8 ( *) 的 ; 雄 的
n. 雄性 动 (48) 物 ; 男子
nationality /nefo'neloti/n. 国籍 ;民族
nation /nerfn/ n. BR; RR; 国民
designer /di'zaina(r)/ n. 设计 者
design /drzarm/ n. 设计 ; 设计 方案
vt. Rit; 筹划
campus /‘kempos/n. RH; 校区
formal /fo:ml adj. 正式 的 ; 正规 的
anxious /‘enkfas/ adj. 焦虑 的 ; RRA
annoyed /smord/ adj. 恼怒 的 ; 生气 的
annoy /smnor vt. 使 恼怒 ; 打扰
frightened /frartnd/ adj. 惊吓 的 ; 害怕 的
p.m. /,pi:'em/ abbr. ( 源 自 拉 丁 语 ) 下 午 ; 午后
a.m. /er'emy/ abbr.
( 源 自 拉丁 语 ) 上 午 ; 午前 ;午夜 至 正午
senior /'si:znta(r)/ adj. 级 别 ( 或 地 位 ) 高 的
n. 较 年 长 的 人
senior high school ( 美国 ) 高 中
at last AF; BA
outgoing /‘autgouin/ adj. 爱 交际 的 ;外 向 的
impression /Im'prefny/ n. 印象 ;感想

impress /1m'pres/
vt. 使 钦佩 ;给 …… 留 下 深刻 的 好 印象
vi. 留 下 印象 ;， 引 人 注目
make an impression 留 下 好 印象
What if 要 是 …… 会 怎么 样 呢 ?
guy /gai/n. MAF; BA; 家 伙
concentrate /‘konsntreit/
vi. & vt. 集中 ( 注意 力 ) ; 聚精会神
concentrate on 集中 精力 于
experiment /tk'sperrmant/ 7. 实验 ; 试验
leave ... alone 不 打扰 ; 不 惊动
awkward /'s:kwod/ adj. 令 人 乾 众 的 ; 难 对 付 的
junior /d5umnre(r)/
adj. 地 位 ( 或 职位 、 级 别 ) 低下 的
1. 职位 较 低 者 ; ( 体育 运动 中 ) 青少年
junior high school ( 美国 ) 初级 中 学
explore /1k'splo:(r)/ vt. & vi. RR; 勘探
confident /‘konfidont/ adj. 自信 的 ; 有 把 握 的
confidence /kbpnfrdans/ n. 信心 ; 信任
forward /'fo:wad/
adv. (also forwards) 向 前 ; 前 进
adj. 向 前 的 ; 前 进 的
look forward to 盼望 ， 期 待
take notes 记 笔 记
flash /flaf/n.3; 信号
vi. AB; AX; 发 出 信号
vt. IA; 发 出 ( 信号 )
flash card 教学 卡片 ; 识字 卡
organise (NAmE -ize) /'o:genarz/
vt. BR; 筹备 ; 安排 ; AS
vi. 组 建 ; 成 立
organisation (NAmE -ization)
/o:gonar'zerfn/ n. 422; 团体 ; 机 构
goal /goul/ n. 目标 ; 球门 ; 射门
strategy /'stratod3i/ n. 策略 ; 策划
partner /'pa:tna(r)/ n. 同伴 ; 配偶 ;合伙 人
improve /1m'pru:v/ vi. & vt. Kit; 改善

curious /kjueriss/ adj. 好 奇 的 ;求知 欲 强 的
company /kAmpsni/ 7. 公司 ; 商行 ;陪伴
personality /,ps:so'neloti/n. 性 格 ; 个 性
Style /stail/ n. 方式 ; 作风

revise /ri'vaiz/ vt. & vi. ER; iT; 复习

§ Unit 1

teenage /timnerd3/
adj. +JLFH ( 指 13 至 19 岁 ) ;青少年 的
teenager /'ti:nerd3a(r)/
n. (132 19 岁 之 间 的 ) 青少年
ballet /‘bele1/n. &##
volunteer /,volon'tio(r)/ n. BBE
debate /di'bert/n. 辩论 ; 争论
vt. & vi. Hit; 争论
prefer /pri'fs:(r)/ vt. 较 喜 欢
prefer .… to .… 喜欢 …… 多 于 ……
content /‘kontent/ n. 内 容 ; [pl.] 目录 ;

( 书 、 讲 话 、 节 目 等 的 ) 主题
movement /mu:vmaent/ n. 动作 ; 运动 ; 活动
greenhouse /gri'nhaus/ 7. 温室 ; 暖 房
clean Up 打扫 ( 或 清除 ) 干净
suitable /'su:tabl/ adj. 合适 的 ; 适用 的

suitable for 对 …… 适 合 的
actually /‘ektfuoli/ adv. BE; HH
challenge /'tfaelind3/ n. 挑战 ; 艰巨 任务
vt. 怀疑 ;向 …… 挑 战
title /tartl/ m，( 书 、 诗 歌 等 的 ) BR;
标题 ; 职称 ; 头衔
topic /'toprk/ n. iA; 标题
freshman /'fre{mon/ n. ( especially NAmE )
( 中 学 ) 九 年 级 学 生 ; ( 大 学 ) 一 年 级 新 生
confusing /ken fiu:zm/ adj. 难以 理解 的 ;不 清楚 的
confuse /kon'fju:z/ vt. 使 糊涂 ; 使 迷惑
confused /kon'fju:zd/ adj. 糊涂 的 ; 迷惑 的
fluent /fiu:snt/ adj. ( 尤 指 外 语 ) 流利 的 ; 熟练 的
graduate /‘graed3uert/ vi. & ve. 毕业 ;获得 学 位
/'gred3uot/ n. 毕业 生
recommend /,reko'mend/ w. 建议 ; 推荐 ; 介绍
sign up (for sth) 报名 ( 参加 课程 )
advanced /sdvamnst/
adj. BRN; BSH; 先进 的
advance /ad'vains/ n. Bit; 发 展
vi. 前 进 ; 发 展
vt. 发 展 ; 促进
literature /‘litratfa(r)/n. C4; 文学 作品

-一 一 一 Words and Expressions in Each Unit 一 一

extra-curricular /,ekstrake'rikjulo/
adj. 课外 的 ; 课程 以 外 的
extra /‘ekstro/ adj. 额外 的 ; 附加 的
obviously /pbvissli/ adv. 显然 ; 明显 地
quit /kwit/ vi. & vt. ( quit, quit)
停止 ; WE; 离开 ( 工作 职位 、 学 校 等 )
responsible /ri'sponsobl/ adj. 负责 的 ， 有 责任 的
responsibility /r1,sponso'biloti/ n. 责任 ; 义务
be responsible for 对 …… 和 负责
solution /salu:fn/ n. 解决 办 法 ; 答案
schedule /fedjul; NAmE 'sked3u:1/
n. 工作 计划 ;， 日程 安排
vt. RHE; 预定
editor /‘edita(r)/ n. £48; 编辑 ;编者
plate /pleit/n. AF; 碟子
adventure /od'ventfa(r)/ n. BK; 奇遇
youth /ju:0/n. 青年 时 期 ;青春
survival /so'vaivl/ n. 生存 ; 幸存 ; 幸存 事物
expert /ekspsit/ 7. 专家 ; 行家
adj. REN; AGH; 专家 的
behaviour /brhervjsa(r)/ .行为 ;举止
generation /,dgeno'rerfn/ n. 一代 ( 人 )
attract /a'traekt/ ve. 吸引 ;引起 …… 的 注意 ( 或 兴趣 )
be attracted to 喜爱
focus /'foukes/
vi. & vt. 集中 ( 精力 、 注 意 力 等 ) ; ( 使 ) 调节 焦距
nb; BA; 焦点
focus on 集中 ; 特别 关注
addicted /s'drktrd/ adj. 有 瘾 的 ;上瘾 的 ; 入 迷 的
addict /‘dikt/n. 对 …… 入 迷 的 人 ; RS BORA
addicted to 对 …… 很 入 迷
adult /‘edalt/ n. AA
adj. 成 年 的 ; 成 熟 的

Chicago /fi'ka:gou/ 芝加哥 ( 美国 城市 )
Seoul /saul/ 首尔 ( 韩国 首都 )

且 Unit 2

castle /ka:sl 7. 城堡 ;堡垒
apply /aplar vi. & vt. RIB; 请 求
vt. 应 用 ; 涂 ( 油漆 、 乳 剂 )
apply for 申请

visa /'vi:zo/ n. iE
rent /rent/ vt. 租用 ; 出 租

vi. 租用; 租金 为

n. 租金

113

-——— Appendices

114

pack /peek/ vi. & ve. KS (行李 )
vt. 包装
n. (BMH) 纸 包 ; 纸袋 ; AB
amazing /o'meizin/ adj. SARAH; 令 人 惊喜 的
amazed /simerzd/ adj. 惊奇 的 ; 惊喜 的
arrangement /a'remd3mont/ n. 安排 ; 筹备
extremely /ik'stri:mli/ adv. RE; 非常
source /sois/n. Rik; 出 处
narrow /narsu/ adj. 狭窄 的
vi. & vt. ( 使 ) BE
flat /flet/ adj. 平坦 的 ;扁平 的
有 . 公寓; 单元 房
powerful /pauefl/
adj. 强 有 力 的 ; 有 权势 的 ， 有 影响 力 的
empire /‘empata(r)/ n. 帝国
emperor /‘empora(r)/ 1. 皇帝
site /sait/n.ihA; 位 置 ; 现场
take control of 控制 ;接管
official /a'fifl/ adj. 官方 的 ; 正式 的 ;公务 的
nBA; BR
recognise (NAmE -ize) /'rekegnarz/
vt. PAM; 承认 ; 认可
type /tarp/n. 类 型 ;种 类
vi. & vt. FTF
flight /flart/ n. 空中 航行 ;航班 ; 航程
accommodation /akpmaeiderfn/
n.fESh; 停留 处 膳 宿
unique /ju'ni:k/ adj. 唯一 的 ; 独特 的 ; 特有 的
path /pa:6/ n. 小 路 ; 路 线 ; 道路
destination /desti'nerfn/n. 目的 地 ; 终点
other than 除 …… 以 外
admire /admars(r)/ vt. ial; 赞赏
architecture /‘a:kitektfa(r)/
n. 建筑 设计 ;建筑 学
architect /‘a:kitekt/ n. 建筑 设计 师
brochure /breufa(D; NAmE brou'fur/
n. BR ( 或 广告 ) 手册
package /pekid3/n. 8%; 包装 盒

package tour 包 价 旅游
contact /'kontekt/ ve. 联络 ;联系
n. 联系 ; 接触
civilisation (Nd4mE -ization] /srvalanzerfn/
n. 文明 ; 文明 世界
make up 构成 ; 形成

soldier /'souldga(r)/n. 士兵 ; 军人
transport /transpoxt/ n. ( especially BrE )
( NAmE usually transportation ) 交通 运输 系统
vt. 运输 ; 运送
hike /hark/ vi. 徒步 旅行

ni; 徒步 旅行
economy /'kpnomi/ n. 经 济 ; 节约
economic /i:ko'nom1k/
adj. 2% ( 上 ) 的 ; 经济 学 的
credit /kredrt/ n. 借款 ;信用 ; He; FO
credit card 信用 卡
detail /‘di:terl/ n. 细节 ， 详 情 ; 细微 之 处
check in ( 在 旅馆 、 机 场 等 ) 登记
check out 结账 离开 ( 旅馆 等 )
request /ri'kwest/ n. ( EXa4L& i ) BR; 请 求
vet. ( ESCa ALS ) BR; 请 求
view /vju/n. a8; RE; Bx
sight /sart/n. RR; 视野 ; 视力
statue /'statfu:/ n. 雕塑 ;雕像
BCE / bi: si: 'i:/ (= before the Common Era) 公元 前
tomb /tu:m/ n. 坟墓
unearth /an's:0/ vt. 挖掘 ; 发掘
comment /‘koment/ 7. 议论 ; 评论
vi. & vt. 发 表意 见 ; 评论

the Eiffel Tower /arfltaus(r)/ 埃菲尔 铁塔
Neuschwanstein morfvanftam/ Castle
MABE
Iceland /‘atslond/ 冰岛 ( 国家 名 )
Disneyland /‘diznilend/ 迪士尼 乐园
Peru /po'ru:/ 秘鲁 ( 国家 名 )
the Andes /‘endi:z/ Mountains 安第斯 山脉
the Amazon /amazn/ rainforest 亚 马 孙 雨 林
the Inca /mka/ Empire 印加 帝国
Machu Picchu /,ma:tfu:'pi:ktfu:/ BEER
Spain /spern/ 西班牙 ( 国家 名 )
Spanish /spaenxf/ n. 西班牙 语 ; 西班牙 人
adj. 西班牙 的
Cusco /kusksu/ 库 斯 科 ( 秘鲁 城市 )
Lake Titicaca /trtrka':ka/ 的 的 喀 喀 湖
the Uros /ju:reuz/ 乌 鲁 斯 人
the Terracotta /tersknota/ Army 兵马俑

§ Unit 3

fitness /'fitnas/ n. 健康 ; 健壮 ; 适合

soccer /'spka(r)/n. 足球 ; 足球 运动
stadium /sterdismy/ n. ( pl. stadiums or stadia )
体育 场 ; 运动 场
boxing /bpksm/ n. 4 ( 运动 )
badminton /‘bedminton/ n. 羽毛 球 运动
marathon /maers0sn/ .马拉松 赛跑
event /i'vent/ n. 比赛 项 目 ; AB; 公开 活动
come along 跟随 ; 到 达 ; 进步 ; 赶快
ski /ski:/ adj. 滑雪 的
vi. 滑雪
host /houst/ vt. 主办 ; 主持
7. 主人 ; 东道 主 ; 节目 主持 人
track /trek/n. HH; 足迹 ;铁路 轨道
vt. & vi. BRR; 跟踪
track and field 田径
gym /d3im/ 7. 健身 房 ; 体育 馆
gymnastics /d3im'nestiks/ n. 体操 ( 训练 )
work out 锻炼 ; 计算 出 ; 解决
sweat /swet/ vt. 使 出 汗 ; 出 汗 弄 湿
vi. HF; 流 汗
n. 汗水 ; 出 汗
make it REMY; ABA
legend /‘ledgond/ n. 传奇 故事 ( 或 人 物 ) ;传说
athlete /ze01i:t/ 7. 运动 员 ; 运动 健儿
master /'ma:sta(r)/n. BF; 主人
vt. 精通 ; 掌握
set an example 树立 榜样
honour /'pno(r)/n. 荣誉; 尊敬; 荣幸
glory /'glo:ri/ n. RF; HR; BF
medal /‘medl/n. 奖章 ; 勋章
championship /‘t{ampionfip/
n. 锦标 赛 ; CER; 冠军 称号
champion /‘t{empion/n. 冠军 ; 优胜 者
determination /drta:mrnerfn/ n. RL; 决定
apart /o'pa:t/ adv. 分 离 ; 分 开 ; 成 碎片
fall apart 破裂 ; BR; AR
injure /‘indza(r)/ vt. 使 受伤 ;损害
injured /mdssd/ adj. 受伤 的 ， 有 伤 的
injury /mdsasri/ n. 伤害 ; 损伤
captain /‘keptin/n. (iaahB) 队长 ; 船长 ; 机 长
lose heart 丧失 信心 ; 泄气
graceful /‘greisfl/ adj. 优美 的 ; TFEAY
strength /stren0/n. 力量 ; 体力
failure /‘ferlja(r)/ n. 失败 ;失败 的 人 ( 或 事物 )
give Up 放弃 ; 投降

Words and Expressions in Each Unit

compete /kem pit/ vi. 竞争 ; 对抗
make sense 有 道理 ;合乎 情理 ;表述 清楚
pretend /prrtend/ vi. & vt. 假装 ; 装扮
pretend to do sth 假装 做 某 事
even if/though 即使 ， 虽 然
million /‘miljon/ num. 一 百 万
cheat /tfi:t/ vi. FE; 3%
vt. 欺骗 ; 蒙骗
有 .欺骗 手段 ; 骗子
audience /ao:dians/ 7 观众 ; 听众
positive /ppzstrv/
adj. 积极 的 ; 正面 的 ; 乐观 的 ; 肯定 的
slim /slim/ adj. BRI; 单薄 的
diet /‘datot/n. 规定 饮食 ; 日 常 饮 食
vi. 节食
make a difference 有 作用 或 影响
rather /ra:5s(r)/ adv. 相当 ; 有 点 儿
rather than 而 不 是
push-up /'pufap/ n. ( especially NAmE ) 俯卧 撑
cut... out 停止 做 (RRA. RA);
now and then 有 时 ;偶尔
compare ... with/to .… 与 …… 比 较
jog /d5pg/ vi. 慢跑
n. 慢跑
stress /stres/n. 压力 ; 紧张 ; 重音
vt. 强调 ; Bik; 使 焦虑 不 安
vi. 焦虑 不 安
error /‘era(r)/n. 错误 ;差错

目 Unit 4

disaster /di'za:sto(r)/n. 灾难 ; 灾害
tornado /to:'nerdau/ n. ( pl.-oes or -05 ) RBM; 旋风
drought /draut/n. 旱灾 ; Az
landslide /‘lendslard/
n. (landfall) (山地 或 悬崖 的 ) ABER; aR
slide /slaid/ vi. & vt. (使 ) 滑行 ;滑动
tsunami /tsu:'na:mi/ n. 海啸
flood /flad/n. 洪水 ; AH
vi. 淹没 ; 大 量 涌 入
vt. 使 灌 满 水 ; 淹没
volcanic eruption /vol'kentk ITTApfn/
火山 喷发
magnitude/'megnitju:d/ n. (地 ) 震级 ; 重大
rescue /reskju:/n. 人 vt 营救 ; 救援
damage /dzmard3/ vt. 损害 ; 破坏
n. 损坏 ; 损失

115

一 Appendices 一

116

destroy /drstror vt. 摧毁 ;毁灭
evacuate /i'vekjuert/ vt. Beat; 撤 出
vi. AB
helicopter /‘heliknpto(r)/ n. 直升机
death /de6/ n. 3; 死亡
affect /o'fekt/ vt. 影响 ;， ( 疾病 ) RR; 深 深 打动
shelter /‘Selto(r)/ n. 避难 处 ; 居所 ;庇护
vt. 保护 ; 掩蔽
vi. 躲避 ( 风雨 或 危险 )
crack /krek/n. 裂纹 ; Bee
vi. & vt. (使 ) 破裂
as if 似乎 ; 好像， 仿佛
ruin /‘runn/ m.& vt. 破坏 ; 毁坏
in ruins 严重 受 损 ， 破 败 不 堪
percent /po'sent/n. 百 分 之 ……
adj. & adv. 每 一 百 中
brick /brrk/ n. 砖 ; 砖 块
metal /‘metl/n. 金属
shock /fok/ n. 震惊 ; 令 人 震惊 的 事 ;， 休 克
vt. 【使 ) 震惊 ;
in shock 震惊 ;吃惊
electricity /1,lek'trisati/n. 8; AE
trap /trep/ vt. 使 落 入 险 境 ; 使 陷入 圈套
n. 险 境 ; 陷阱
bury /beri/ vt. 23; 2H
breathe /bri:d/ vi. & vt. FR
revive /rrvarv/ vt. & vi. 复活 ; (使 ) 苏醒
revival /rrvarvl/ n. 振兴 ; 复苏
effort /efat/ 7. 努力 ; 艰难 的 尝试 ; 尽力
unify /‘ju:nrfar/ vi. & vt. B—; (48) 成 一 体
wisdom /'wizdom/ n. 8%; 才智
context /'kontekst/n. 上 下 文 ; 语 境 ; 背景
suffer /'safo/ vt. 遭受 ; 蒙受
vi. (AR. BE. EAS) 受苦
volcano /vol'keinav/ n. ( pl.-oes or -0s ) KL
erupt /1'rapt/
vi. & vt. (KU) 爆发 ; ( 岩浆 、 烟 等 ) 喷 出
supply /so'plai/ n. 供应 ( 量 ) ; 补给 ; [pl.] 补给 品
vt. 供应 ; 供给
typhoon /tar'fu:n/ n. AR
in the open air 露天 ;在 户外
hurricane /‘harikon/ n. ( 尤 指 西 大 西洋 的 ) RAR
survive /so'varv/ vi. 生存 ; 存活
vt. 幸存 ; 艰难 度 过
power /'pava(r)/ n. BH; 能 量 ; 力量 ; 控制 力

tap /tep/ vi. & vt. BON; Bak; 轻 拍
n. 水 龙头 ; BM; BR
pipe /paip/n. 管子 ;管道
whistle /‘wisl/ vi. ROW; 发 出 笛 声
vt. RANK
n. 哨子 ( 声 ) ;呼啸 声
emergency /i'ms:d3ensi/ n. 突 发 事件 ; 紧急 情况
calm /ka:m/ adj. 镇 静 的 ; 沉着 的
vt. 使 平静 ， 使 镇 静
aid /eid/n. 援助 ;帮助 ; 救援 物资
vi. & vt. ( formal ) 帮助 ; 援助
kit /kit/n. 成 套 工 具 ; 成 套 设备
first aid kit 急救 箱
on hand 现 有 ( 尤 指 帮 助 )
crash /kraf/ vt. & vi. WB; 撞击
n. 撞车 ;碰撞
sweep /swi'p/ vt. & vi. (swept swept ) 打扫 ; 清扫
sweep away 消灭 ; 彻底 消除
wave /werv/ 7. #92; 波浪
vi. & vt. EF; 招手
strike /stratk/
vi. & vt. (struck, struck/stricken ) #2; 突击 ; 击 打
nBl; BR; BH
deliver/di'liva(r)/ vt. & vi. 递送 ;传达
vt. 发 表
summary /'samori/n. 总 结 ; 概括 ;概要
effect /r'fekt/n. 影响 ; 结果; 效果
length /le06/ 半 长; KE

Ecuador /'ekwodo:(r)/ 厄瓜多尔 ( 国家 名 )
Memphis /memfis/ 孟菲斯 ( 美国 城市 )
Alberta /‘zlbs:to/ 4384 ( 加 拿 大 省 份 )
Colombo /ka'lambou/ 科伦坡 ( 斯 里 兰 卡 首都 )
Sri Lanka /srr ‘lenko/ 斯 里 兰 卡 ( 国家 名 )
Indonesia /,ndo'ni:30/ 印度 尼 西 亚 ( 国家 名 )
Thailand /tarlaend/ 泰国 ( 国家 名 )
Malaysia /moa'le1z0/ 马来西亚 ( 国家 名 )
Sumatra /su'ma:tra/ IsLand

苏门答腊 岛
Chandra Theeravit /tfandre '9iraevit/

B Unit 5

billion /‘biljan/ n. 十 亿
Native /nertrv/ adj. 出 生地 的 ; 本 地 的 ; 土著 的
n. 本 地 人
attitude /atrtjud; NAmE 'etitu:d/
n. 态度 ; 看 法
reference /'refrons/n. 指称 关系 ; 参考
refer /rrfs:(r)/ vi. #2); 参考; 查阅
vt. 查询 ;， 叫 …… 求 助 于
refer to 指 的 是 ;描述 ， 提 到 ;查阅
system /'sistom/n. kK; HE; 系统
despite /drspart/ prep. 即使， 尽管
ups and downs 浮沉 ; 兴衰 ; BE
factor /'fekto(r)/n. 因素 ;要素
based /berst/ adj. 以 ( 某 事 ) 为 基础 的 ;
以 ……' 为 重要 部 分 ( 或 特征 ) 的
base /beis/ vt. 以 …… 为 据点 ; 以 …… 为 基础
n. 底部 ;根据
date back (to .…] 追溯 到
bone /boun/n. BA; 骨 ( 质 )
shell /fel/n.#; KM
symbol /srmbl/ n. 符号 ; 象征
carve /ka:v/ vt. & vi. 雕刻
dynasty /‘dinasti; NAmE 'dar-/ n. 王朝 ;朝代
variety /verareti/
n. (48. BASH) 变 体 ; 异体 ; 多 样 化
major /merd5s(r)/ adj. 主要 的 ; 重要 的 ; 大 的
n. ERE; 主 修学 生
vi. 主 修 ; 专门 研究
no matter where, who, what, etc.

dialect /‘datolekt/n. 地 方 话 ; 方言
means /mi'nz/ 7 方式; FE; 途径
classic /'‘klestk/ adj. 传统 的 ; 最 优秀 的 ; 典型 的
n. 经 典 作品 ; 名 著
regard /ri'ga:d/n. 尊重 ; 关注
vt. 把 …… 视 为 ; 看 待
character /'kerakta(r)/
nF; 符号 ; 角色 ; 品质 ; 特点
calligraphy /ko'ligrafi/n. 书法 ;书法 艺术
global /‘gloubl/ adj. 全 球 的 ; 全 世界 的

affair /o'fea(r)/n. 公共 事务 ; 事件 ;关系
appreciate /spri:fiert/ vt. KR; 重视 ;感激 ; 领会
vi. 增值
Specific /spo'srfik/ adj. 特定 的 ， 明 确 的 ; 具体 的
CE /si 'is/ (= Common Era) 公元
struggle /'stragl/ n. & vi. +4; #4; 搏斗
tongue /tan/n. 舌头 ; 语言
point of view 观点 ; 看 法
semester /si'mesta(r)/ n. 学 期
gas /ges/n. Ai; 气体 ;燃气
petrol /‘petral/ n. (NAmE gas ) 汽油
subway /‘sabwer/ n. ( BrE underground ) 地 铁
apartment /s'pa:tmont/
n. ( especially NAmE ) 公寓 套房
pants /pents/ n. [pl.] (BrE) 内 裤 ; 短裤 ;
(especially NAME ) 裤子
beg /beg/ vt. BR; 祈求 ; FOR
equal /‘i:kwol/n. 同等 的 人 ， 相 等 物
adj. 相同 的 ; 同样 的
gap /gep/ n. 间隔 ; FO; 差距
demand /di'ma:nd/ n. Bk; BR
vt. 强烈 要 求 ; 需要
vi. 查 问
vocabulary /va'kebjolori; NAmE -leri/ .词汇
description /di'skripfn/n. 描写 (文字 ) ; 形容
relate /ri'leit/ vt. RAR; 讲述
relate to 与 …… 相 关 ;， 涉 及; 谈 到

Korean /ke'rizan/ n. 朝鲜 ( 或 韩国 ) 语 ;
朝鲜 ( 或 韩国 ) 人
adj. 朝鲜 ( 或 韩国 ) 的
Danish /‘demif/n. 丹麦 语 ; 丹麦 人
adj. 丹麦 的
Denmark /‘denma:k/ 丹麦 ( 国家 名 )
Arabic /‘erabrk/ n. 阿拉 伯 语
adj. 阿拉 伯 语 的 ; 阿拉 伯 文 学 的
FIFA /Si:fa/ abbr. ( 源 自 法 语 ) 国际 足 联 ;
国际 足球 联合 会

117

Words and Expressions in Each Unit 一 一
一 一 Appendices 一 一

118

Vocabulary
词汇 表

注 : 黑体 部 分 为 课 标 词 和 短语 ; 白 体 部 分 为 非 课 标 词 ; HO 符号 的 词汇 为 专 有 名 词 。

BA
accommodation /akpmaeiderfn/
nfs; 停留 处 ; 膳 宿 (2)
actually /‘ektfuali/ adv. BE; 的确 (1)
addict /adikt/
n. 对 …… 入 迷 的 人 ; TBR A ()
addicted /o'diktid/ adj. 有 瘾 的 ， 上 瘾 的 ; 入 迷 的 (1)
addicted to 对 …… 很 入 迷 (D
admire /admare(r)/ vt. Kil; BR (2)
adult /‘edalt/n. KAA
adj. 成 年 的 ;成熟 的 (1)
advance /ad'vains/ n. Bit; RE
vi. BUH; 发 展
vt. BR; 促进 (1)
advanced /sd'va:nst/
adj. 高 级 的 ; BSH; 先进 的 (D
adventure /od'ventfa(r)/ n. BR; 奇遇 (1)
affair /o'feo(r)/ n. 公共 事务 ; 事件 ;关系 (5)

affect /o'fekt/ wr. 08; ( 疾病 ) RA; 深 深 打动 (4)
aid /erd/ 7. 援助 ; 帮助 ; 救援 物资

vi. & vt. ( formal ) 帮助 ; 援助 (4)
© Alberta /albs:ta/ 艾 伯 塔 省 ( 加 拿 大 省 份 ) (4)
a.m. /er'emy/ abbr.

( 源 自 拉 丁 语 ) 上 午 ; 午前 ; 午夜 至 正午 (w)
amazed /o'meizd/ adj. 惊奇 的 ; 惊喜 的 (2)
amazing /s'meizin/
adj. 令 人 惊奇 的 ; 令 人 惊喜 的 (2)
annoy /anor vt. 使 恼怒 ; 打扰 (w)
annoyed /smnord/ adj. HN; 生气 的 (w)
anxious /‘enkfas/ adj. 焦虑 的 ; 不 安 的 (w)
apart /spa't/ adv. 分 离 ; 分 开 ; 成 碎片 (3)
apartment /o'pa:tmont/
n. ( especially NAmE ) 公寓 套房 (5)
apply /aplar vi. & vt. 申请 ; 请 求
vt. 应 用 ; 涂 ( 油 潜 、 乳 剂 ) (2)

apply for 申请 (2)
appreciate /s'prisfiert/ wv. 欣赏 ; 重视 ;感激 ;领会
vi. 增值 (5)
和 Arabic /‘erabik/ n. 阿拉 伯 语

adj. 阿 拉 伯 语 的 ; 阿拉 伯 文 学 的 (5)
architect /‘a:kitekt/ 7. 建筑 设计 师 (2)
architecture /‘a:kitektfa(r)/

n. 建筑 设计 ; 建筑 学 (2)
arrangement /o'remnd3mont/ n. 安排 ; 筹备 (2)
as if 似乎 ; 好 像 ; 仿佛 (4)
at last AF; 最 终 (w)
athlete /aebli:t/ 7. 运动 员 ; 运动 健儿 GB)
attitude /‘etitju:d; NAmE ‘etitu:d/

n. SE; 看 法 (5)
attract /o'traekt/ ve. RS]; 引起 …… 的 注意 ( 或 兴趣 ) (1)
be attracted to 喜爱 (1)
audience /'s:dions/ n. Wx; 听众 (3)

awkward /s:kwod/ adj. SAMIR; 难 对 付 的 〈(w)

IB

badminton /‘bedminton/ n. 羽毛 球 运动 (3)
ballet /‘belei/n. #8 (1)
base /bets/ vt. 以 …… 为 据点 ; 以 …… 为 基础
n. 底部 ; 根据 (5)
based /beist/ adj. 以 ( 某 事 ) 为 基础 的 ;
以 ……' 为 重要 部 分 ( 或 特征 ) 的 (5)
BCE / bi: si: 'ix/ (= before the Common Era ) 公元 前 (2)
beg /beg/ vt. BOR; 祈求 ; FOR (5)
behaviour /br'hervja(r)/ n. GA; AIL (1)
billion /biljan/ n. 十 亿 (5)
bone /boun/n. 骨头 ; 骨 ( 质 ) (5)
boxing /bpksm/ n. #i ( 运动 ) (3)
breathe /bri:d/ vi. & vt. 呼吸 (4)
brick /brik/ n. 砖 ; 砖 块 (4)
brochure /‘broufa(r); NAmE brou'fur/
n. 资料 ( 或 广告 ) 手册
bury /beri/ ve. S238; 3

Ic

calligraphy /ko'ligrofi/n. 书法 ;书法 艺术
calm /ka:m/ adj. 镇 静 的 ; 沉着 的
vt. 使 平静 ， 使 镇 静
campus /‘kempos/ n. RH; 校区
captain /‘keptin/ n. ( 运动 队 ) 队长 ; 船长 ; 机 长
carve /ka:v/ vt. & vi. BEX!
castle /ka:sl/ n. 城堡 ; #2
CE /ssi: 'is/ (= Common Era ) 公元
challenge /'tfelinds/ n. 挑战 ; 艰巨 任务
vt. 怀疑 ;向 …… 挑 战
champion /'tfempion/n. 冠军 ; 优胜 者
championship /tfampisnfrp/
n. 锦标赛; 冠军 赛 ; 冠军 称号
Chandra Theeravit /tfandre '@i:revit/
钱 德 拉 ' 特 拉 维
character /‘kerakto(r)/
1. 文字 ; 符号 ; 角色 ; 品质 ; 特点
cheat /tfi:t/ vi. 作弊 ;舞弊
vt. 欺骗 ; 蒙骗
n. 欺骗 手段 ; 骗子
check in ( 在 旅馆 、 机 场 等 ) 登记
check out 结账 离开 ( 旅馆 等 )
. Chicago /fr'ka:gou/ 芝加哥 ( 美国 城市 )
civilisation (NAmE -ization] /srvelarzerfn/
n. CAR; 文明 世界
classic /‘klesik/ adj. 传统 的 ; 最 优秀 的 ; 典型 的
n. 经 典 作品 ; 名 著
或 清除 ) 干净

clean up 打扫

(2)
(4)

(D

(2)

(5)
ql)

和 Colombo /ke'lambau/ 科伦坡 ( 斯 里 兰 卡 首都 (4)

come along 跟随 ; 到 达 ; 进步 ; 赶快
comment /kpment/ n. iit; 评论
vi. & vt. RRB; 评论

company /‘kamponi/n. 公司 ; 商行 ;陪伴
compare ... with/to .… 与 …… 比 较
compete /kem pi't/ vi. EF; 对抗
concentrate /‘konsntreit/

vi. & vt. 集中 (注意 力 ) ; 聚精会神

concentrate on 集中 精力 于
confidence /‘konfidans/ n. fa; 信任

(3)

(2)
(w)
(3)
(3)

(w)
(w)
(w)

confident /‘konfident/ adj. 自信 的 ; 有 把 握 的 〈(w)

confuse /ken'fju:z/ vt. 使 糊涂 ; 使 迷惑

(1)

confused /kan'fju:zd/ adj. 糊涂 的 ;迷惑 的
confusing /kon'fju:zin/
adj. 难以 理解 的 ; 不 清楚 的
contact /‘kontekt/ wt. 联络 ; 联系
nA; 接触
content /‘kontent/ n.

AS; [pl.] 目录 ; (8. Ha. PASH) 主题
context /‘kontekst/n. ET X; 语 境 ; 背景
crack /krek/n. 裂纹 ; 裂缝

vi. & vt. ( 8) BR
crash /kref/ vi. & vt. 碰撞 ; 撞击

n. 撞车 ; 碰撞
credit /kredrt/ n. 借款 ; 信

credit card 信用 卡
curious /'kjusrias/ adj. 好 奇 的 ;求知 欲 强 的
Cusco /'kuskou/ 库 斯 科 ( 秘鲁 城市 )
cut ... out 停止 做 ( 或 使 用 、 食 用 ) ; 剪 下

| 7)

damage /‘demid3/ vt. 损害 ; 破坏
n. 损坏 ; 损失
,Danish /‘demif/ 1. 丹麦 语 ; 丹麦 人
adj. 丹麦 的
Denmark /‘denma:k/ 丹麦 (
date back [to ...) 追溯 到
death /de6/ n. 3%; 死亡
debate /di'bert/n. 辩论 ; 争论
vt. & vi. Hit; 争论
deliver/dr'liva(r)/ vt. & vi. BIR; feIK
vt 发 表
demand /di'ma:nd/ n. 要 求 ; 需求
vt. 强烈 要 求 ; 需要
vi. 查 问
description /drskrmpfn/ mn. 描写 (文字 ) ; 形容
design /di'zain/ n. 设计 ; 设计 方案
vt. 设计; 筹划
designer /dr'zamo(r)/ n. Rit
despite /drspart/ prep. B48; RE
destination /desti'nerfn/n. 目的 地 ; AR
destroy /drstror vt. 摧毁 ; 毁灭
detail /‘di:terl/ n. 细节 ;， 详情; 细微 之 处
determination /drtsimrnerfn/ n. RL; 决定
dialect /‘darolekt/n. 地 方 话 ; 方言
diet /‘darot/n. 规定 饮食 ; 日 常 饮食
vi. BR
disaster /di'za:sta(r)/ n. 灾难 ; 灾害
和 Disneyland /‘diznilend/ 迪士尼 乐园

; 称赞 ;学 分

家 名 )

(D

(D)

(2)

(D)
(4)

(4)

(4)
(2)
(2)
(w)
(2)
(3)

(4)

(5)
(5)
(5)
(4)

()

(4)

(5)
(5)

(w)
(w)
(5)
(2)
(4)
(2)
(3)
(5)

(3)
(4)
(2)

Vocabulary

119

一 一 Appendices

drought /draut/n. #2; AF
dynasty /dmasti; NAmE 'dar-/ n. 王朝 ;朝代

Be

economic /,i:ko'nomik/
adj. 经 济 ( 上 ) 的 ; 经 济 学 的
economy /i'konomi/ n. 经 济 ; 节约
Ecuador /ekwsdo:(Gr)/ 厄瓜多尔 ( 国家 名 )
editor /‘edito(r)/ n. 主编 ; 编辑 ; 编者
effect /r'fekt/n. 影响 ; 结果; 效果
effort /‘efot/n. 努力 ; 艰难 的 尝试 ; 尽力
electricity /lek'trrseti/ 导电 ;电能
emergency /i'ms:dzonsi/ n. 突 发 事件 ;紧急 情况
emperor /‘empora(r)/ n. 275
empire /‘empata(r)/ n. 帝国
equal /‘ixkwol/n. 同等 的 人 ; 相等 物
adj. 相同 的 ; 同样 的
error /ere(T)/ 7. 错误 ; 差错
erupt /rrApt/
vi. & vt. (KU) BRA; ( 岩浆 、 烟 等 ) 喷 出
evacuate /vakjuert/ vr. Bim; 撤 出
vi. 撤离
even if/though 即使 ;虽然
event /vent/ n. 比赛 项 目 ; AB; 公开 活动
exchange /1ks'tfernd3/
n. 交换 ; 交流
vt. 交换 ;交流 ; 交易 ; 兑换
experiment /tk'sperrment/ 7”. 实验 ; 试验
expert /‘eksps:t/n. 专家 ; 行家
adj. HEH; 内 行 的 ; 专家 的
explore /1k'splo:(r)/ vt. & vi. RR; 勘探
extra /‘ekstra/ adj. 额外 的 ; 附加 的
extra-curricular /,ekstraka'rikjulo/
adj. 课外 的 ; 课程 以 外 的
extremely /tk'stri'mli/ adv. 极其 ; 非常

BF

factor /'fekto(r)/n. 因素 ; BH
failure /'ferlja(r)/ n. 失败 ; 失败 的 人 ( 或 事物 )
fall apart BR; BR; AR
female /'fi:merl/ adj. & (性 ) 的 ; HEARN
n. EVER) (48) 物 ; 女子
male /merl/ adj. 8 ( 性 ) 的 ; #6
n. 雄性 动 ( 植 ) 物 ; BF

(4)
(5)

(2)
(2)
(4)
(GD
(4)
(4)
(4)
(4)
(2)
(2)

(5)
(3)

(4)
(4)

(3)
(3)

(w)
(w)
(D)
(w)

(D

(D
(2)

(5)
(3)
(3)
(w)

(w)

fitness /'fitnos/ n. 健康 ; 健壮 ; 适合
和 FIFA /'fizfo/ abbr. ( 源 自 法 语 ) 国际 足 联 ;
国际 足球 联合 会
flash /flef/n.%; 信号

vi. AA; AI; 发 出 信号

vt. SIA; 发 出 (信号 )

flash card 教学 卡片 ; 识字 卡
flat /flet/ adj. 平坦 的 ;扁平 的
7. 公寓 ; 单元 房

flight /flart/ n. 空中 航行 ; 航班 ; 航程
flood /flAd/ n. 洪水 ; AB

vi. 淹没; 大 量 涌 入

vt. 使 灌 满 水 ; 淹没
fluent /‘flu:ont/ adj. ( 尤 指 外 语 ) 流利 的 ; 熟练 的
focus /feukes/

(3)

(3)

(w)

(w)

(2)

(2)

(4)
(1)

vi. & vt. SEH ( 精力、 注意 力 等 ) ; ( 使 ) 调节 焦距

n. 中 心 ; 重点 ; 焦点

focus on 集中 ; 特别 关注
formal /fo:ml adj. 正式 的 ; 正规 的
forward /'fo:wod/

ady. (also forwards) 向 前 ; 前 进

adj. 向 前 的 ;前进 的

look forward to 盼望 ; 期 待
freshman /'frefmon/ n. ( especially NAmE )

( 中 学 ) 九 年 级 学 生 ; (AS) 一 年 级 新 生
frightened /frartnd/ adj. 惊吓 的 ; 害怕 的

iG

gap /gep/ n. 间隔 ; 开口 ; 差距
gas /ges/n. Aa; 气体 ; 燃气
generation /,dgeno'rerfn/n. 一代 ( 人 )
give up 放弃 ; 投降
global /glsubl adj. 全 球 的 ; 全 世界 的
glory /'glo:ri/ n. 荣誉; 光荣; 赞美
goal /gaul/ n. 目标 ; BRIT; 射门
graceful /grersfl adj. 优美 的 ; 优雅 的
graduate /'gradzuert/ vi. & vt. 毕业 ; 获得 学 位
/'greed3uat/ n. 毕业 生
greenhouse /'gri:nhaus/ 7. 22; BB
guy /gar/n. MAF; 男人 ; 家 伙
gym /dgim/n. 健身房 ; 体育 馆
gymnastics /d3im'nestiks/ n. AR ( 训练 )

BH

helicopter /‘helikopto(r)/ n. 直 升 机

()
(1)
(w)

(w)
(w)

(1)
(w)

(4)
ne; 徒步 旅行
honour /‘pna(r)/n. RY; BA; 荣幸
host /houst/ vt. 主办 ; 主持
nA; 东道 主 ; 节目 主持 人
hurricane /‘harikon/ n. ( 尤 指 西 大 西洋 的 ) PERL

A Iceland /arsland/ 冰岛 ( 国家 名 )
impress /1m'pres/
vt. 使 钦佩 ;给 …… 留 下 深刻 的 好 印象
vi. 留 下 印象 ， 引 人 注 目
impression /1m'prefn/ n. EDR; 感想
make an impression 留 下 好 印象
improve /1m'pru:v/ vi. & vt. Kit; 改善
in the open air 露天 ， 在 户外
A Indonesia /,mdo'ni:30/ 印度 尼 西 亚 ( 国家 名 )
injure /nd5ss(r)/ vt. 使 受伤 ; 损害
injured /md5ssd/ adj. 受伤 的 ， 有 伤 的
injury /rndssri/ n. 伤害 ;损伤

iJ

jog /d5pg/ vi. 慢跑
n. 慢跑
junior /‘dgu:nto(r)/
adj. 地 位 ( 或 职位 、 级 别 ) 低下 的
n. 职位 较 低 者 ; ( 体育 运动 中 ) 青少年
junior high school ( 美国 ) 初级 中 学

IK

kit /kit/n. 成 套 工具 ; 成 套 设备
first aid kit 急救 箱
Korean /kerien/
n. 朝鲜 ( 或 韩国 ) 语 ; 朝鲜 ( 或 韩国 ) 人
adj. 朝鲜 ( 或 韩国 ) 的

BL

Lake Titicaca /,tit'ka:ka/ 的 的 喀 喀 湖
landslide /landslard/

(2)
(3)

(3)
(4)

(2)

(w)
(w)
(w)
dy
(4)
(4)
(3)
(3)
(3)

(3)

(w)
(w)

(4)

(4)

(5)

(2)

n.(alsolandfall) ( 山地 或 悬崖 的 ) ABER; 滑坡 (4)

leave ... alone 不 打扰 ; 不 惊动

lecture /lektfa(r)/ n. HE; 讲课 ; 教训
vi. (FF) 讲座 ; 讲课
vet. 训斥

(w)

(w)

legend /‘ledgand/ n. 传奇 故事 ( 或 人 物 ) ; 传说
length /len6/ 7. 长 ; KE

literature /rtretfa(r)/ 7 文学 ; 文学 作品
lose heart 丧失 信心 ; 泄气

im

“ Machu Picchu /maxtfu:piktfuy Bt
Mmagnitude/'megnitju:d/ n. (地 ) 震级 ; BX
major /merdss(r)/ adj. 主要 的 ; 重要 的 ; 大 的
n. ERE; 主 修学 生
vi. 主 修 ; 专门 研究
make a difference 有 作用 或 影响
make it RSM; ABA
make sense 有 道理 ; 合乎 情理 ;表述 清楚
make up 构成 ; 形成
Malaysia /mo'le130/ 马来西亚 ( 国家 名 )
marathon /maere0sn/ 7 马拉松 赛跑
master /‘ma:sta(r)/n. BF; 主人
vt. 精通 ; 掌握
means /mimz/ 7. 方 式 ; 方法 ; 途径
medal /medl/ 7 奖章 ;勋章
. Memphis /memfis/ 孟菲斯 ( 美国 城市 )
metal /‘metl/n. 金属
million /‘miljan/ nun. 一 百 万
movement /‘mu:vmont/ n. aiff; 运动 ; 活动

—N

Narrow /'nzrau/ adj. 狭窄 的
vi. & vt. (使 ) RE

nation /‘nerfn/n. BR; 民族 ; AR
nationality /nefo'nzloti/ n. 国籍 ;民族

native /nertrv/ adj. 出 生地 的 ; 本 地 的 ; 土著 的

n. 本 地 人

^ Neuschwanstein /nor'fva:nftarn/ Castle
MABE

no matter where, who, what, etc.

now and then 有 时 ; 偶尔

| Ke)

obviously /‘nbviasli/ adv. 显然 ;明显 地
Official /o'fifl/ adj. 官方 的 ; 正式 的 ; ASH

nER; BA

(3)
(4)
(1)
(3)

(2)
(4)

6)
(3)
(3)
(3)
(2)
(4)
(3)

(3)
(5)
G)
(4)
(4)
G)
(D)

(2)
(w)
(w)
(5)
(2)

6)
(3)

(GD

CR -一 一 Vocabulary 一 -一

121
一 一 Appendices -一

122

on hand 现 有 ( 尤 指 帮 助 )
organise (NAmE -ize] /‘o:ganarz/
vt. 组 织 ; SH; 安排 ; AS
vi. AB; 成 立
organisation (NAmE -ization)
/organar'zerfn/ n. 2A; 团体 ; 机 构
other than 除 …… 以 外
outgoing /‘autgoum/ adj. 爱 交际 的 ; 外 向 的

中 己

pack /pek/ vi. & vt. WES (行李 )

vt. 3

n. (Bim) RB; 纸袋 ; AB
package /'pekid3/n. @®; 包装 盒

package tour 包 价 旅游
pants /pants/ n.[pl.] (BrE) W#; 短裤 ;

( especially NAME ) 裤子
partner /'pa:tna(r)/n. 同伴 ; 配偶 ; 合伙 人
path /pa:0/ n. 小 路 ; 路 线 ; 道路
percent /po'sent/n. 百 分 之 ……

adj. & adv. 每 一 百 中

personality /,ps:so'neeloti/n. 性 格 ; 个 性
人 Peru /pa'ru:/ 秘鲁 ( 国家 名 )
petrol /'petral/ n. ( NAmE gas ) 汽 ;
pipe /paip/n. 管子 ; 管道
plate /pleit/n. 盘子 ; 碟子
p.m. /,pi:'em/ abbr. ( 源 自 拉 丁 语 ) BF; 午
point of view 观点 ; 看 法
positive /ppzstrv/

adj. 积极 的 ; 正面 的 ;乐观 的 ; 肯定 的
power /paus(T)/ 电力 供应 ; 能 量 ; HH; 控制 力
powerful /'pavofl/

adj. 8A 71H; 有 权势 的 ， 有 影响 力 的
prefer /prrfs:(r)/ vt. 较 喜 欢

prefer ... to .… 喜欢 …… 多 于 ……
pretend /prrtend/ vi. & vt. 假装 ; 装扮

pretend to do sth 假装 做 某 事
push-up /'pufap/ n. ( especially NAmE ) 俯卧 撑

HQ

quit /kwit/ vi. & vt. ( quit, quit )
停止 ; Rae; 离开 ( 工作 职位 、 学 校 等 )

ofl

(4)

(w)

(w)
(2)
(w)

(2)

(2)
(2)

(5)
(w)
(2)

(4)
(w)
(2)
(5)
(4)
(1)
(w)
(5)

(3)
(4)

(2)
qd)
(D
(3)
(3)
(3)

ql)

BR

rather /'ra:da(r)/ adv. 相当 ; 有 点 儿 (3)
rather than 而 不 是 (3)
recognise (NAmE -ize) /'rekagnaiz/
vt. 辨别 出 ; 承认 ; 认可 (2)

recommend /reksmend/ vt. 建议 ; 推荐 ; 介绍 (])
refer /rrfs:(T)/ vi. 提 到 ; $4; 查阅
vt. 查询 ; 叫 …… 求 助 于 (5)
refer to 指 的 是 ; 描述 ， 提 到 ; 查阅 (5)
reference /'refrons/n. 指称 关系 ; 参考 (5)
regard /ri'ga:d/n. 尊重 ; 关注

vt. 把 …… 视 为 ; BF (5)
register /‘red3ista(r)/ vt. & vi. Sid; 注册 (w)
registration /,red31'strer{n/
n. Sit; 注册 ;挂号 (w)
relate /rrlert/ vt. RA; 讲述 (5)
relate to 与 …' 相 关 ; GR; 谈 到 (5)
rent /rent/ vt. 租用 ; 出 租
vi. 租用 ;租金 为
n. 租金 (2)

request /ri'kwest/ n. ( 正式 或 礼貌 的 ) 要 求 ; 请 求
vt. ( ESE +L ) 要 求 ; 请 求 (2)
rescue /reskjuy 7. & vt. 营救 ; 救援 (4)
responsible /ri'sponsabl/ adj. 负责 的 ， 有 责任 的 (1)
responsibility /rrsppnse'brleti/ n. HfE; 义务 (1)
be responsible for 对 …… 负 责 (D

revise /ri'vaiz/ vt. & vi, (EM; 修订; 复习 (w)
revive /ri'varv/ vt. & vi. B58; ( 使 ) 苏醒 (4)

revival /rr'varvl/ .振兴 ; BH (4)
ruin /‘ruun/ n. & vt. BUR; 毁坏 (4)

in ruins 严重 受 损 ， 破 败 不 堪 (4)
is
schedule /fedjul; NAmE 'skedzu:1/

n. 工作 计划 ;日程 安 排

vt. REE; 预定 qd)
semester /si'mesta(r)/ n. 学 期 (5)
senior /'si:nta(r)/ adj. BH! ( 或 地 位 ) 高 的

n. 较 年 长 的 人 (w)

senior high school ( 美国 ) 高 中 (w)
‘ Seoul /soul/ 首尔 ( 韩国 首都 ) (1)
set an example 树立 榜样 (3)
sex /seks/ n. 性 别 (w)
shell /fel/n. A; AK (5)
shelter /‘Selta(r)/ n. 避难 处 ; 居所 ; 庇护
vt. 保护 ;掩蔽
vi. 躲避 ( 风雨 或 危险 ) (4)
shock /Sok/ n. 震惊 ; 令 人 震惊 的 事 ;休克
vt. ( 使 ) 震惊 ; (4)
in shock 震惊 ， 吃惊 (4)
sight /satt/n. #&; 视野 ;视力 (2)
sign up (for sth) 报名 ( 参加 课程 ) (GD
site /sait/n.tbA; 位 置 ; 现场 (2)
ski /ski:/ adj. 滑雪 的
vi. 滑雪 (3)
slide /slard/ vi. & vt. (使 ) 384; 滑动 (4)
slim /slim/ adj. 昔 条 的 ; 单薄 的 (3)
soccer /spke(r)/ n. 足球 ; 足球 运动 (3)
soldier /'souldza(r)/n. 士兵 ; 军人 (2)
solution /selu:fn/ 1. 解决 办 法 ; 答案 qd)
source /so:s/n. Rik; 出 处 (2)
Spain /spein/ 西班牙 ( 国家 名 ) (2)
Spanish /'spenif/ n. 西班牙 语 ; 西班牙 人
adj. 西班牙 的 (2)

specific /spo'sifik/ adj. 特定 的 ;明确 的 ; 具体 的 (3)
Sri Lanka /sr ‘lenko/ 斯 里 兰 卡 ( 国家 名 ) (4)
stadium /sterdismy n. ( pl. stadiums or stadia )

体育 场 ; 运动 场 (3)
statue /'stetfu:/ n. 雕塑 ; 雕像 (2)
strategy /'stratod3i/ n. 策略 ; 策划 (w)
strength /stren@/n. 18; 体力 (3)

stress /stres/n. 压力 ; 紧张 ; 重音
vt. 强调 ; Bik; 使 焦虑 不 安
vi. 焦虑 不 安 (3)
strike /stratk/
vi.& vt. (struck, struck/stricken ) (222; 突击 ; 击 打

nBl; BR; RE (4)
struggle /'stragl/n. & vi. 斗争 ;奋斗 ; 搏斗 (5)
style /starl/n. 方式; 作风 (w)

subway /'sabwer/ n. ( BrE underground ) 地 铁 (5)
suffer /'safo/ vt. 遭受 ; RS
vi. ( 因 疾 病 、 痛 苦 、 悲 伤 等 ) 受苦 (4)

suitable /'su:tabl/ adj. 合适 的 ; 适用 的 (1)
suitable for 对 …… 适 合 的 (1)
Sumatra /su'mattra/ Island 苏门答腊 岛 (4)

summary /'samori/n. 总 结 ; 概括 ; 概要 (4)

aa Vocabulary —

supply /se'plar n. 供应 ( 量 ) ; 补给 ; [pl.] 补给 品
vt. 供应 ; 供给 (4)
survival /sa'varvl/ 1. 生存 ; 幸存 ; 幸存 事物 (D
survive /so'vaiv/ vi. £7; 存活
vt. 幸存 ; 艰难 度 过 (4)
sweat /swet/ vt. 使 出 汗 ; 出 汗 弄 湿
vi. 出 汗 ; 流 汗

7. 汗 水; 出 汗 (3)
sweep /swiip/ vt. & vi. ( swept, swept) 打扫 ; 清扫 (4)
sweep away 消灭 ; 彻底 消除 (4)
Symbol /smbl 1. 符号 ; 象征 (5)
system /'sistam/n. 体系 ; 制度 ; 系统 (5)
aT
take control of 控制 ; 接管 (2)
take notes 记 笔 记 (w)
tap /tep/ vi. & vt. B00; Bax; 轻 拍
n. KA; BOP; BR (4)

teenage /tinerd3/
adj. +JLP HN ( 指 13 至 19 岁 ) ; 青少年 的 (D
teenager /timnerdse(r)/

n. (13219 岁 之 间 的 ) 青少年 (1)
Thailand /tarlaend/ 泰国 ( 国家 名 ) (4)
the Amazon /amaszn/ rainforest
亚 马 孙 雨 林 (2)
the Andes /‘endi:z/ Mountains 安第斯 山脉 (2)
the Eiffel Tower /,arfl'tava(r)/ 埃菲尔 铁塔 (2)

the Inca /‘1nke/ Empire 印加 帝国 (2)
the Terracotta /,tera'koto/ Army 兵马俑 (2)
© the Uros /‘ju:rauz/ 乌 鲁 斯 人 (2)

title /'tartl/
n. (B. GREEN) 名 称 ; 标题 ; 职称 ; Aft (1)

tomb /tu:m/ 7. 坟墓 (2)
tongue /tan/n. 舌头 ; 语言 (5)
topic /‘topik/ 7. Gi; 标题 (D)
tornado /to:'nerdou/
n. (pl.-oes or -05S ) 龙卷风 ; 旋风 (4)
track /trek/n. 跑道 ; 足迹 ; 铁路 轨道
vt. & vi. BER; 跟踪 (3)
track and field 田径 (3)

transport /‘treenspo:t/ n. ( especially BrE )
( NAmE usually transportation ) 交通 运输 系统

vt. 运输 ; 运送 O)
trap /trep/ vt. 使 落 入 险 境 ; 使 陷入 圈套

n. 险 境 ; 陷阱 (4)

tsunami /tsu:'na:mi/ n. 74% (4)

123

一 一 Appendices

124

type /tarp/ m. RB; 种 类
vi. & vt. TF

typhoon /tar'fu:n/ n. 台风

fu

unearth /an's:0/ vt. 挖掘 ;发 掘
unify /‘junrfar/ vt. 统一 ; (使 ) 成 一 体

unique /ju'ni:k/ adj. 唯一 的 ; 独特 的 ; 特有 的

ups and downs 浮沉 ; 兴衰 ; RE

Iv

variety /va'raroti/

n. (48%). BASH) RA; 异体 ; 多 样 化

view /vju:/ 1.88; RE; Bk
visa /'vi:zo/ n. 签证

vocabulary /va'kebjalori; NAmE -leri/ n. 词汇
volcanic eruption /vol'kenik 1'rapfn/

KURA

(2)
(4)

(2)
(4)
(2)
(5)

(5)
Q)
Q)
(5)

(4)

volcano /vol'kemou/ n. ( pl. -oes or -os ) KL

volunteer /,volon'tia(r)/ n. 志愿 者

iw

wave /werv/ n. #58; 波浪
vi. & vt. EF; 招手

wisdom /'wizdem/ n. 智慧 ;才智
what if 要 是 …… 会 怎么 样 呢 ?
whistle /‘wisl/ vi. ROW; 发 出 笛 声

vt. KAR

7. 哨子 ( 声 ) ; 呼啸 声
work out 锻炼 ; 计算 出 ; 解决

HY

youth /ju:0/n. 青年 时 期 ， 青春

(4)
(GD

(4)
(4)
(w)

(4)
(3)

qd)
Irregular Verbs 不 规则 动词

Verb Pasttense | Past participle Verb Pasttense | Past participle
be (am, is, are) | was, were been give gave given
bear bore born, borne go went gone
beat beat beaten grow grew grown
become became become hang hung hung
begin began begun have (has) had had
blow blew blown hear heard heard
break broke broken hide hid hidden
bring brought brought hit hit hit
build built built hold held held
burn burnt/burned | burnt/burned hurt hurt hurt
buy bought bought keep kept kept
catch caught caught know knew known
choose chose chosen lay laid laid
come came come lead led led
cost cost cost learn learnt/learned learnt/learned
cut cut cut leave left left
deal dealt dealt lend lent lent
dig dug dug let let let
do (does) did done lie ( 4) ay ain
draw drew drawn light it/lighted litlighted
dream dreamt/dreamed |dreamt/dreamed lose lost lost
drink drank drunk make made made
drive drove driven mean meant meant
eat ate eaten meet met met
fall fell fallen mistake mistook mistaken
feed fed fed overcome overcame overcome
feel felt felt oversleep overslept overslept
fight fought fought pay paid paid
find found found put put put
fly flew flown quit quit quit
forget forgot forgotten read /ri:d/ read /red/ read /red/
get got got/gotten ride rode ridden

Irregular Verbs 一 一

125
一 一 Appendices

126

Verb Pasttense | Past participle Verb Past tense | Past participle
ring rang rung spend spent spent
rise rose risen spread spread spread
run ran run stand stood stood
say said said steal stole stolen
see saw seen stick stuck stuck
sell sold sold strike struck struck/stricken
send sent sent sweep swept swept
set set set swim swam swum
shake shook shaken take took taken
shine shone shone teach taught taught
show showed shown tell told told
shut shut shut think thought thought
sing sang sung throw threw thrown
sit sat sat understand understood understood
sleep slept slept wake woke woken
smell smelt/smelled | smelt/smelled wear wore worn
speak spoke spoken win won won
speed sped/speeded | sped/speeded write wrote written
spell spelt/spelled spelt/spelled

本 册 教 科 书 是 人 民 教 育 出 版 社 课程 教材 研究 所 英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心 与 美国 圣 智
学 习 集 团 合作 ， 依 据 教 育 部 《普通 高 中 英语 课程 标准 ( 2017 年 版 )》 编 写 的 ， 经 国家 教材
委员 会 2019 年 审查 通过 。

本 册 教 科 书 的 编写 ， 集 中 反映 了 我 国 十 余年 来 普通 高 中 课程 改革 的 成 果 ， 吸 取 了 2004
年 版 《普通 高 中 课程 标准 实验 教科 书 “英语 》 的 编写 经 验 ， 凝 聚 了 参与 课 改 实 验 的 教育 专
家 、 学 科 专 家 、 教 材 编写 专家 、 教 研 人 员 和 一 线 教师 ， 以 及 教材 设计 装帧 专家 的 集体 智慧 。
本 册 教 科 书 的 执笔 者 还 有 Jacqueline Eu, Edward Yoshioka, Ravin Daswani、Simon McCue,
能 金霞 、 马 晓 蓄 、 郭 砚 冰 。 为 本 册 书 提供 整体 设计 的 是 昌 曼 、 胡 白 珂 ， 绘 制 插图 的 是 怡 彩
艺术 设计 。 为 本 册 书 摄影 或 提供 图 片 的 还 有 张 朝 平 、 王 伟 、 周 副科 、 王 英和 吨 玲 。

我 们 感谢 2004 年 版 《普通 高 中 课程 标准 实验 教科 书 ”英语 》 的 副 主编 袭 亚 夫 和 编写
人 员 Dodie Brooks, Rick Sjoquist、 肖 菲 等 。 我 们 感谢 为 本 册 书 提供 专业 支持 的 中 国 地 震
局 监测 预报 司 、 北 京师 范 大 学 王 宁 教 授 。 我 们 感谢 所 有 对 教科 书 的 编写 、 出 版 、 试 教 等 提
供 过 帮 助 与 支持 的 同仁 和 社会 各 界 朋友 。

本 册 教 科 书 出 版 之 前 ， 我 们 通过 多 种 渠道 与 教科 书 选用 作品 (包括 照片 、 画 作 ) 的 作
者 进行 了 联系 ， 得 到 了 他 们 的 大 力 支持 。 对 此 ， 我 们 表示 衷心 的 感谢 !

我 们 真诚 地 希望 广大 教师 、 学 生 及 家 长 在 使 用 本 册 教 科 书 的 过 程 中 提出 宝贵 意见 。 我
们 将 集思广益 ， 不 断 修 订 ， 使 教科 书 趋 于 完善 。

联系 方式
电话 : 010-58758866
电子 邮箱 : jcfk@pep.com.cn

人 民 教 育 出 版 社 “课程 教材 研究 所
英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心
2019 年 4 月

HER Tay AS EE BS ALA EB

全 景 网 (P3 一 张 图 ，P13 一 张 图 ，P14 一 张 图 ，P16 一 张 图 ，
P17 一 张 图 ，P76 两 张 图 ) ;

东方 IC 图 片 网 (P5 一 张 图 ，P8 两 张 图 ，P11 一 张 图 ，P17 一
张 图 ，P19 一 张 图 ，P27 一 张 图 ，P35 一 张 图 ，P37 一 张 图 ，P41 一
张 图 ，P42 一 张 图 ，P52 三 张 图 ，P74 一 张 图 ，P75 一 张 图 ，P76 一
张 图 ，P79 一 张 图 ，P83 三 张 图 ，P94 一 张 图 );

National Geographic Creative (P1 一 张 图 ，P11 一 张 图 ，P23
一 张 图 ，P88 一 张 图 ) ;

iStock (P26 两 张 图 ，P27 一 张 图 ，P48 两 张 图 ) ;

Getty Images ( P26 一 张 图 ，P48 两 张 图 ，P49 一 张 图 ，P50 一
张 图 ，P54 一 张 图 ，P100 一 张 图 )。
出 于 自用 和 兴趣 ， 收 集 了 相关 系列 的 课本 和 文档 。

非常 重要 声明 : 我 们 收集 的 文档 全 部 都 来 源 于 网 络 ， 所 有 版 权
都 归 相 关 出 版 社 ， 如 果 冒 犯 你 的 权益 ， 我 们 会 进行 相关 处 理 。 请 广
大 使 用 者 在 使 用 过 程 中 务必 注意 这 一 点 。

我 们 努力 收集 相关 的 教材 ， 练 习 ， 教 案 及 相关 文档 ， 只 为 自己
提供 便利 ， 可 能 也 为 你 提供 方便 。

如 果 想 查询 更 多 资料 可 咨询 我 们 。

