ee
qasenr i

八 年 级
上 册

义务 教育 教科 书

Pas |
5 一

CA
八 年 级
EH

og) :从 民 数 育 出 版 社 课程 教材 研究 所 | |
英语 课程 教 林 研 究 开发 中 心 | 编著
(GS tel eee eager vei ae |

A A Ae A PA
db:

Copyright © 2013 by People’s Education Press Ltd. and Cengage Learning Asia Pte Ltd.
No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means,
without permission in writing from the publisher.

版 权 共 有 ， 未 经 出 版 社 书面 同意 ， 任 何人 不 得 以 任何 形式 或 方式 复制 或 转换 本 作品 的 任何 部 分 。

主 编 : 刘 道义 AMES
David Nunan

副 主 编 : GKAKEL KARA

主要 编写 人 员 : Mi TN MR JER See 郭 娟 庄 力
Eden Brough Anthony Sheridan ”Hoi Kin Chiu Yuan Ting Soh
Edward Yoshioka Andrew Robinson Guy de Villiers | Edward Vickers
责任 编辑 : RARER SRK
美术 编辑 : 张 HE

封面 设计 : B St Melvin Chong
版 面 设计 ; Be
tf 图 : 严 if (St) Edwin Ng Martha Friedman 陈 刚

义务 教育 教科 书
英语
八 年 级 ERT
CHE) ”人民 教育 出 版 社 ”课程 教材 研究 所
英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心 编著
(美国 ) 智 学 YF 集 A
*
A A de din A ALR RAT
网 址 : http://www. pep. com. cn
A kde Ao A REMI ERR 全 国 新 华 书店 经 销
a
开本 :; 787 BK x 1092 BK 1/16 印张 : 9.75 FH, 224 000
2013 年 6 月 第 1 版 2014 年 6 月 第 4 次 印刷
ISBN 978 -7- 107-26353 -8 定价 : 9.55 元
著作 权 所 有 “ 请 勿 擅 用 本 书 制作 各 类 出 版 物 ， BAI
如 发 现 印 、 装 质量 问题 ， 影 响 阅 读 ， 请 与 本 社 出 版 二 科 联 系 调换 。
(联系 地 址 : 北京 市 海淀 区 中 关 村 南大 街 17 号 院 1 号 楼 邮编: 100081)

绿色 印刷 ”保护 环境 ”爱护 健康

亲爱 的 同学 ，
你 手中 的 这 本 教科 书 采用 绿色 印 出 方式 印 制 ， 在 它 的 封底 印 有 “绿色 印刷 产品 ”标志 。 从 2013 年 秋季 学
期 起 ,北京 地 区 出 版 并 使 用 的 义务 教育 阶段 中 小 学 教科 书 全 部 采用 绿色 印刷 。 7
按照 国家 环境 标准 ( HJ2503-2011 )《 环境 标志 产品 技术 要 求 UI BAS. SE NREUY), SRA EE
用 环保 型 纸张 、 油 墨 、 胶 水 等 原 辅 材料 ， 生 产 过 程 注重 节能 减 排 ， Ener ARREIRTE
让 我 们 携 起 手 来 ， 支 持 绿色 印刷 ， 选 择 绿色 印刷 产品 ， 共 同 关 爱 环境 ， 全 二 ECGRIRIE
京

程

致 同学

同学 们 ， 你 们 好 ! 欢迎 你 们 进入 八 年 级 的 英语 学 习 !
套 教 材 是 根据 你 们 的 心理 特点 、 认 知 水 平和 兴趣 爱好 来 编写 的 。

本

相信 在 八 年 级 ， 教 材 的 以

lL.
发 展 语
2.

都 与 你

RZ
3.

A

下 特点 会 继续 帮助 你 们 学 好 英语 :

教材 不 仅 要 帮助 你 们 学 习 英语 语言 知识 ， 更 重要 的 是 要 帮助 你 们
言 运 用 能 力 ， 让 你 们 学 会 用 英语 表达 思想 、 与 人 交流 。

教材 充分 考虑 了 你 们 的 生活 实际 和 学 习 需 求 ， 教 材 的 内 容 和 活动
们 的 生活 和 兴趣 紧密 相连 ， 目 的 是 让 你 们 在 英语 学 习 中 不 感到 枯

， 而 是 有 话 可 说 、 有 话 想 说 、 有 话 能 说 。

教材 在 重视 培养 你 们 的 语言 运用 能 力 的 同时 ， 更 加 重视 培养 你 们
的 语言 学 习 策略 和 技能 。 这 些 策略 和 技能 是 帮助 你 们 进一步 学 好 英语 的

4. 教材 为 你 们 设计 了 许多 具有 交际 意义 的 任务 或 活动 ， 目 的 是 让 你
们 在 英语 课堂 上 “ 活 ” 起 来 、“ 动 ”起 来 。 英 语 课堂 教学 需要 你 们 的 充分

参与 ， 英 语 学 习 需 要 你 们 与 老师 合作 、 与 同学 交流 。 通 过 参与 和 互动 ，

你 们 的

Sc
国家 的
RF
要
语 学 习
多 用 才
英语 。

A

英语 水 平 才 会 得 到 不 断 提高 。

教材 进一步 丰富 了 文化 教学 的 内 容 ， 包 括 我 们 的 民族 文化 、 英 语

文化 和 非 英语 国家 的 文化 。 通 过 文化 内

容 的 学 习 ， 你 们 的 视野 会

， 思 想 会 更 丰富 ， 思 维 会 更 活跃 ， 交 流 会 更 得 体 。

想 学 好 英语 ， 光 靠 课 本 是 不 够 的 ， 你 们
资源 。 学 习 英语 没有 捷径 ， 只 有 多 听 、
是 最 有 效 的 办 法 。 因 此 ， 你 们 要 充分 逢

还 需要 继续 接触 更 多 的 英
Bik, SE. SS. Sik,
用 各 种 资源 和 机 会 来 学 习

学 们 ， 继 续 努 力 吧 ! 祝 你 们 英语 学 习 取 得 更 大 进步 !

编者
2013 年 5 月
Contents

Units Topics Functions: Structures
1) Holidays and vacations Talk about past events Indefinite pronouns

a Simple past tense of regular
Where did you go pee g

. and irregular verbs
on vacation?
Page 1
¥} Free time activities Talk about how often you How often... ?

do things
Adverbs of fi
How often do you omen mame
exercise?
Page 9
3) Personal traits Talk about personal traits | Comparatives with -(i)er
c 1 and more

' F ompare people
I'm more outgoing hoth and as... as
than my sister.
Page 17
@ ‘Your town Discuss preferences Superlatives with -(i)est and

What's the best
movie theater?

Page 25

Make comparisons

most

Irregular comparisons:
good, better, best; bad, worse,
worst
;

Target Language

Where did you go on vacation?
I went to New York City.

Did you go out with anyone?
No. No one was here. Everyone was on
vacation.

How was the food?
Everything tasted really good!

Vocabulary

decide, try, wonder, dislike
wonderful, bored

anyone, someone, everyone,
something, nothing, anywhere

quite a few, of course, feel like,
because of

Recycling

stayed, visited, arrived, went,
bought, ate, saw, felt, had, was,
were

interesting, boring, special,
delicious, expensive, cheap,
exciting, terrible, friendly, cold,
wet, sunny, hot

How was the weather?

What do you usually do on weekends?
I always exercise.

What does she do on weekends?
She sometimes goes shopping.

How often do you go to the movies?
I go to the movies maybe once a month.

housework, junk food
hardly ever, once, twice

use the Internet, go online,
such as, more than,
less than, at least

exercise, watch TV, go shopping,
go to the movies, eat fruit/
vegetables, drink milk, sleep

always, usually, often, sometimes,
never

on weekends, every day,
next week, last month

Is Tom smarter than Sam?
No, he isn’t. Sam is smarter than Tom.

Does Tara work as hard as Tina?
Yes, she does.

Who’ more hard-working at school?
Tina thinks she works harder than me.

outgoing, hard-working, serious,
loud, necessary, fantastic, similar,
both, better

loudly, quietly, clearly, truly

as long as, in fact, be different
from, be similar to, the same as,
bring out, care about

sing, run, jump, work, study

tall, thin, short, heavy, long hair,
short hair, friendly, funny, smart,
lazy, popular, quiet, shy

fast, early, hard

play the drums, get up

What's the best movie theater to go to?
Town Cinema. It’s the closest to home.
And you can buy tickets the most quickly
there.

Which is the worst clothes store in town?
Dream Clothes. It has the worst service.

What do you think of 970 AM?
I think 970 AM is pretty bad.

comfortable, fresh, poor, close,
worse, worst

cheaply, carefully, comfortably,
beautifully, seriously

so far, have ... in common, all
kinds of, be up to, play a role,
make up, for example

new, big, cheap, expensive,
popular, exciting, interesting,
creative, boring, funny, beautiful,

good, bad

quickly, well, fast, quietly

Structures

8 Entertainment Talk about preferences Infinitives used as objects:

to do
Make pl:

Do you want to ala

watch a game

show?

Page 33

6 Life goals Talk about future Future with be going to

: 。 intentions Want to be

I'm going to study

computer science.

Page 41

(7) Life in the future Make predictions Future with will

A tities with more,

Will people have Quantities with more
less, fewer

robots?

Page 49

8) Cooking Describe a process Imperatives

How do you make a
banana milk shake?

Page 57

Follow instructions

Countable/uncountable
nouns :

How much/ How many
questions

Adverbs of sequence

Target Language

Do you want to watch the news?
Yes, I do./No, I don’t.

What do you plan to watch tonight?
Iplan to watch Days of Our Past.

What do you think of talk shows?
I don’t mind them./I can’t stand them!/
love watching them!

Vocabulary

sitcom, news, soap opera,
comedy, action movie, cartoon

plan, hope, happen, expect

educational, meaningless,
famous, rich, successful

find out, be ready to, dress up,
take sb’s place, do a good job

Recycling

talent/game show, sports, TV,
movie, actor, actress, sound,
music, story, cinema

think of, want, love, like, watch,
learn

serious, exciting, boring,
wonderful, relaxing, scary,
enjoyable, fantastic

What do you want to be when you grow
up?
I want to be an engineer.

How are you going to do that?
I'm going to study math really hard.

When are you going to start?
Im going to start when I finish high school
and college.

computer programmer, cook,

doctor, engineer, violinist, pilot,
pianist, scientist, driver, college,
university, education, medicine

grow up, make sure, be able to,
write down, have to do with,
take up

actor, basketball player, teacher,
reporter, singer, writer, science,
math, computer science, P.E.

want to, practice, study,
take lessons, start, move

How and wh- questions with
what, where and when

What will the future be like?
Cities will be more polluted. And there
will be fewer trees.

Will there be world peace?
Yes, I hope so.

Will people use money in 100 years?
No, they won't.

prediction, future, pollution,
environment, planet, earth,
peace, sea, sky, astronaut, rocket,
space station, holiday

possible, impossible, probably

play a part, over and over again,
hundreds of, fall down, look for

robot, money, computer, tree,
book, free time, housework,
home, school, city, country,

car, subway, train, job, reporter,
computer programmer, scientist

less, more

There be structure

How do you make a banana milk shake?
First, peel the bananas.

Next, put the bananas in the blender.
Then, pour the milk into the blender.
Finally, turn on the blender.

How many bananas do we need?
We need three bananas.

How much yogurt do we need?
We need one cup of yogurt.

milk shake, blender, spoon, oven,
plate, pot, yogurt, honey,
watermelon, salt, sugar,
sandwich, cheese, turkey, butter,
pepper

peel, pour, add, mix, fill, cover,
turn on

fruit, banana, orange, vegetable,
cabbage, carrot, potato, tomato,
onion, food, milk, ice-cream,
salad, soup, beef, water, bread,
meat, noodles, rice, chicken, egg,
fish, cup, bowl, breakfast, lunch,

dinner, minute, hour

cook, put, eat, drink, wash,
cut up

Structures

9 】 Jnvitations Make, accept and decline Can for invitations
C t oetamens Modal verb might
aT CU me 9 Talk about obligations
my party?
Page 65
@ Decision making Talk about consequences _ First conditional if + will
Modal verb should
If you go to the =o
party, you'll have
a great time!
Page 73
Page 81 Additional Material
Page 82 Notes on the Text
Page 95 Tapescripts
Page 107 Pronunciation
Page 112 Grammar
Page 121 Words and Expressions in Each Unit
Page 132 Vocabulary Index
Page 142 Irregular Verbs

@

Can you come to my party on Saturday?
Sure, I’d love to./Sorry, I must study for a
math test.

Can he go to the party?
No, he can’t. He has to help his parents.

Can they go to the movies?
No, they're not free. They might have to
meet their friends.

Vocabulary

invitation, preparation, exam,
concert, flu

prepare, catch, invite, accept,
refuse, reply

available, sad, glad, surprised

prepare for, another time, hang
out, look after, turn down, look
forward to, hear from

have to, must

come to the party, go to the
movies, play soccer, go to the
doctor, study for a test, have a
piano lesson, help one’s parents,
meet one’s friend, visit one’s
grandparents, do homework

Monday - Sunday, today,
tomorrow, yesterday, weekend

I think I'll take the bus to the party.
If you do, you'll be late.

What will happen if they have the party
today?
If they have it today, half the class won't

come.

Should we ask people to bring food?
If we ask people to bring food, they'll just
bring potato chips and chocolate.

advice, experience, mistake

organize, travel, advise, solve,
trust

upset, angry, understanding,
careless, careful, normal

keep ... to oneself, in half

go to the party, have a good
time, stay at home, take the bus,
work hard, go to college, talk to
someone

Simple future tense

a

A
Language Goal:
Talk about past u!
events

Oe

a:

is

Kee fe
oS we
> 4 ad

Where did you go :
on vacation? p= >
5 I went to the
2 mountains,

fa Match the activities with the pictures [a-g].

l.stayedathome f 5. went to the mountains 7
2. went to New York City 加 6. went to the beach
3.visited my uncle 7. visited museums

4, went to summer camp

ib Listen and number the people in the picture [1-5].

1. Tina 2, Xiang Hua 3. Sally 4. Bob

S. Tom

4c Make conversations about the people in the picture.

A: Where did Tina go on vacation?
B: She went to the mountains.

“UNIT cocccenccccccccccccvccscncccscccusccacesveccusccecccccscesscceue

2a Listen. Where did the people go on vacation? Complete the chart.

Yes,| did. == ~~ _No, | didn’t.

| “go with anyone?

Grace | goto Central Park?
| buy anything special?

play volleyball?

Kevin | swim?

meet anyone interesting?

| do anything interesting?
Aneel = -
Julie study for tests?

| go out with anyone?

A: Grace, where did you go on vacation?
8: I went to New York City.

A; Oh, really? Did you go with anyone?
B: Yes, I went with my mother.

2a Role-play the conversation.

Rick: Hi, Helen. Long time no see.

Helen: Hi, Rick. Yes, I was on vacation last month.

Rick: Oh, did you go anywhere interesting?

Helen: Yes, I went to Guizhou with my family.

Rick: Wow! Did you see Huangguoshu
Waterfall?

Helen: Yes, I did. It was wonderful! We took quite
a few photos there. What about you? Did you do anything special last
month?

Rick: Not really. I just stayed at home most of the time to read and relax.

Where did you go on vacation? ssseeecccscccecccccccecs UNIT1 srerccccceeecs:

_ Where did you go on vacation? —_| went to New York City.
_ Did you go out with anyone? No. No one was here. Everyone was on vacation.
Yes, | bought something for my father.
ve No, | bought nothing. i
How was the food? Everything tasted really good!
Did everyone have a good time? Oh, yes. Everything was excellent.

Did you buy anything special?

aa Fill in the blanks with the words in the box and anyone

practice the conversation. ee
Linda: Did you do _ fun on your vacation, Alice? | Sin
Alice: Yes, I did. I went to Sanya. nothing

Linda: How did you like it? = 一
Alice: Well, it was my first time there, so _ was really interesting.
linda: Did you go with 2

Alice: Yes, I did. I went with my sister.
Linda: Did you go shopping?

Alice: Of course! I bought for my parents, but for myself.
Linda: Why didn’t you buy for yourself?
Alice: Ididn'treallysee ———_—T liked.

3b Fill in the blanks in the e-mail message | anything : everything nothing
with the words in the box. everyone no one

Dear Bill,
How was your vacation? Did you do _ interesting? Did ——_in the
family go with you? I went to a friend’s farm in the countryside with my

family. was great. We fed some hens and saw some baby pigs. They

| were so cute! The only problem was that there was much to do in the
evening but read. Still ___—_s seemed to be bored. Bye for now!
Mark

3c Ask your group questions about their last vacation. Then tell the class
your results.

Someone (write the

Did you ... apere) classmate’s name)

No one

eat anything at a restaurant?

In our group
everyone ate

read anything interesting?

|
visit anyone in your family? | something at a
buy anything? | estaurant ...
keep a diary? |
fa Match the words with the pictures below.

1. f delicious 3. exciting S. terrible
| 之 expensive 4. cheap 6. boring |

4b Look at the words in 1a again. ©) words ©) words
Write ©) words on the left. delicious terrible

Write & words on the right.

4c Listen. Lisa is talking about her vacation. Answer the questions.

1. Where did Lisa go on vacation? She went to Hong Kong.
2. Did she do anything special there? What was it?

3. Did she buy anything for her best friend?
4. Did Lisa like her vacation?

一
4d Listen again. Fill in the blanks.

What did Lisa say about ...?
her vacation __ great the people
the fun park the food

the stores

fe Ask and answer questions about Lisa’s vacation. Begin your questions

with:
|. Where did... .What did... ? . Did she ...?
° How was... ? « How were... ?

a
+ Where did you go on vacation? 。。。。。。。。… sees UNIT 1 。

Discuss the questions with your partner.

1. What do people usually do on vacation?
2. What activities do you find enjoyable?

Read Jane’s diary entries about her vacation and answer the questions.

Did Jane have a good time on Monday? What about on Tuesday?

Monday, July 15th
Tarrived in Penang in Malaysia this morning with
my family. It was sunny and hot, so we decided to
go to the beach near our hotel. My sister and I tried
paragliding. I felt like I was a bird. It was so
exciting! For lunch, we had something very special —
Malaysian yellow noodles. They were delicious! In
the afternoon, we rode bicycles to Georgetown. There

a are a lot of new buildings now, but many of the old

buildings are still there. In Weld Quay, a really old place in Georgetown, we
saw the houses of the Chinese traders from 100 years ago. I wonder what
life was like here in the past. I really enjoyed walking around the town.

Tuesday, July 16th
What a difference a day makes! My father and I decided to go to
Penang Hill today. We wanted to walk up to the top, but then it started
raining a little so we decided to take the train. We waited over an hour
for the train because there were too many people. When we got to the top,

it was raining really hard. We didn’t have an umbrella so we were wet
and cold. It was terrible! And because of
the bad weather, we couldn't see anything
below. My father didn’t bring enough
money, so we only had one bowl of rice
and some fish. The food tasted great
because I was so hungry!

cccccevcccccos UNIT 1 ccccccccccccccccccsescaccaasasssesssssccesossccnecnssescsessees!

20 Read Jane’s diary entries again. Fill in the chart.

Things Jane did or saw _ Did she like it? (Yes/No) Why or why not?
tried paragliding
They were delicious.
walked around Georgetown
went to Penang Hill

It tasted great because she
was hungry.

2d Complete the conversation about Jane’s trip to Penang using the
information in the diary entries.

Anna: Hi, Jane. Where did you go on vacation last week?
Janes I to Penang in

Anna: Who you go with?

Jane: I went with my

Anna: What did you do?

Jane. The weather was hotand __ on Monday, so we went on
the beach. Then in the afternoon, we____ bicycles to Georgetown.

Anna: Sounds great!

Jane: Well, but the next day was not as good. My and I went to
Penang Hill, but the weather __—__really bad and rainy. We
a long time for the train and we were __and cold because we
forgot to bring an

Anna: Oh, no!

Jane: And that’s not all! We also didn’t bring ___—_—s money, so we only had

one bowl of rice and some fish.

2e Imagine Jane went to Penang Hill again and had a great day. Fill in the
blanks in her diary entry with the correct forms of the verbs in brackets.

Thursday, July 18th
Today _—_—(be) a beautiful day. My father and I (go) to
Penang Hill again, but this time we (walk) to the top. We
(start) at 9:30 a.m. and (see) lots of special Malaysian flowers along
the way. About one hour later, we (stop) and (drink) some
tea. Then we (walk) for another two hours before we (get)
to the top. I (be) quite tired, but the city (look) wonderful

from the top of the hill!

Where did you go on vacation? *eeeesscesceeccesececses UNITT sccccececcccees

Complete the diary entry about a trip to one of these places.
Use the words and phrases in the box to help you.

Tian’anmen Square

the Palace Museum

hot and sunny tired
Beijing duck delicious
take some photos beautiful
buy something special interesting

learn something important August

Iliked this place because

Wednesday, 20th
Today theweatherwas-
Iwentto ___. It was
.We

For dinner we had _

Inthe evening, I feltreally

. It was

3b Answer the questions to make notes about a vacation you took.

1. Where did you go?
2. Did you go with anyone?
3. How was the weather?

4. What did you do every day?

5. What food did you eat?

6. What did you like best?

7. Did you dislike anything?

8. How did you feel about the trip?

Be Write a travel diary like Jane’s on page 5. Use your notes in 3b.

ss eecccesccrsoe UNIT 1 cccccccccccccnccccccccncvccseenscceseeeeeeeesseeneecceneeeceece

@ Imagine you are all foreigners on vacation in China. You meet each
other at the airport on your way home. Talk about what you did on
your vacation. coos

Hi, Pau, I'm Anna,

Where did you go on

tag. VRCOTICN?
Screamer

Hi, my
name's Paul.

Ch, I went te Beijing
Did you do anything special
in Nanjing?

T went to
Nanjing.

: How was the volleyball game yesterday?

.A: Did go on vacation with you last month?
B: Yes, my family went to the countryside with me.
anything . A: Did your family go to the beach with you last weekend?
SEA B: No. ___ from my family went, but my friend went with me. |
iti . A: I didn’t bring back anything from Malaysia.
an B: at all? Why not?
noone . A: Did you buy in the shopping center?
B: No,I didn't. wasveryexpensive.
A
B

: Great! __ hada fun time!

2 Complete the passage with the correct forms of the verbs in brackets.

i |

Last August, our class (do) something very special on
our school trip. We (go) to Mount Tai. We

(start) our trip at 12:00 at night. Everyone in our class

(take) a bag with some food and water. After three hours, someone
looked atthemapand_————__ (find) out we (be,
not) anywhere near the top. My legs _ (be) so tired that I
wanted to stop. My classmates (tell) me to keep going,
soI (go) on. At 5:00 a.m,, we got to the top! Everyone
ee (jump) up and down in excitement. Twenty minutes later,

thesun (startbto come up. It was so beautiful that we

(forget) about the last five hours!

ee ee ee ee)

Ce

让

How often do you exercise?

Language Goal:
Talk about how

often you do

things

Aj

I often go to 4
the movies.

3 7M
What do you usually d
do on weekends? 中

fa Lookat the picture. Make a list of the weekend activities.

1. help with housework 4,
2. S.
3.

4b) Listen and write the activities next to the correct frequency words.

always (100%) exercise, |
usually
often

sometimes
hardly ever
never (0%)

"lc Practice the conversation in the A: What do you do on weekends?
picture above. Then make your B: I usually watch TV.
own conversations about what A: Do you go shopping?
you do on weekends. B: No, I never go shopping.

ee UNIT 2 coccvcccccceccccccccccceccccseceeccenescersenseeeensneseceeseees

Listen. Cheng Tao is talking about how often he does these activities.
Number the activities [1-5] in the order you hear them.

; A How of i Activities How often

_ go to the movies every day

1 watch TV once a week

___ shop ~~ twice a week
exercise three times a week
read once a month

i
| twice a month

Listen again. Match the activities in 2a with how often Cheng Tao does
them.

2¢ How often do you do these activities? Fill in the chart and then make
conversations.

AeHvities a A: How often do you watch TV?
watch TV every day B: watch TV every day.
use the Internet A: What’s your favorite program?
} ce B: Animal World.

read English books

A: How often do you watch it?
B: Twice a week.

go to the movies |

exercise

2a Role-play the conversation.

Jack: Hi, Claire, are you free next week?

Claire: Hmm … next week is quite full for me, Jack.

Jack: Really? How come?

Claire: I have dance and piano lessons.

Jack: What kind of dance are you learning?

Claire: Oh, swing dance. It’s fun! I have class once a
week, every Monday.

Jack: How often do you have piano lessons?

Claire: Twice a week, on Wednesday and Friday.

Jack: Well, how about Tuesday?

Claire: Oh, I have to play tennis with my friends. But do you want to come?

Jack: Sure!

@

HOW often do yOu exercise?eeneetcetsersacocccscoscoes UNIT 2 ee

What do you usually do on weekends? | always exercise.

What do they do on weekends? They often help with housework.
What does she do on weekends? She sometimes goes shopping.
How often do you go to the movies? —_| go to the movies maybe once a month. _
How often does he watch TV? He hardly ever watches TV.
Do you go shopping? No, | never go shopping.
Be Complete the questions with do or does. Then match the questions and
answers.
1. How often he play soccer? _ a. Yes. She usually does.
2. you drink milk? b. Hardly ever. I don’t like them.
3. How often they stay up late? c. He plays at least twice a week.
4. ___ Sue eat ahealthybreakfast? d. No, they don't. They’re too busy.
5. How often youeat apples? __e. Never. They always go to bed early.
6. your parents play sports? f. Yes, I do. Every day.
3b Use the words given to write questions. Then ask and answer them with
a partner.
| Questions My partner's answers
1. ?
(how often / help with housework)
2. ?
(what / usually / do / weekends)
3. 2 -
(how often / best friend / exercise)
4. 2
(what / usually / do / after school)

Be What can you do to improve your English? Add more things to the chart.
Then ask your classmates the questions and find the best English student.

How often do you ... Names Frequency
read English books? Lin Ying twice a week

A: How often do you
read English books?

B: I read English books
about twice a week.

pocccvcccccces UNIT 2 cecccccccccccecccccccccsccccvccccscccsccsccscevessccsseneeeneseet

ja Match the words with the pictures.

b junk food 3. fruit 5. sleep

milk 4. vegetables 6. .coffee

A: How often do you drink milk, Liu Fang?
Ask and answer questions.

Use the words from la.

B: I drink milk every day.

A: Do you like it?

B: No. But my mother wants me to drink
it. She says it’s good for my health.

一
1c) Listen to an interview about two people’s daily habits. Circle) your
answer to each question.

Does Tina have good habits? Yes. No. | don't know.
Does Bill have good habits? Yes. No. | don't know,
le
1d Listen again. Fill in the blanks in the survey.
Bill
Questions Tina Bill
1. How often do you exercise? every day

2. How often do you eat fruit?

3. How many hours do you sleep every night?
4. How often do you drink milk?
5. How often do you eat junk food?

6. How often do you drink coffee?

Student A is the reporter. Student
B is Tina or Bill. Ask and answer
questions. Then change roles.

12)

A: How often do you exercise?

B: I exercise every day.
A: And how often do you ...?

secccescocecoee How often do you OXALCISR72e eee esocecevcnccscocvcsooce UNIT 2 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

Rank these activities according to how often you think your classmates
do them (1=most often, 6=least often).

| watch TV a gotothe movies | play computer games

| _ exercise or play sports | juse the Internet [| go camping in the country

2b Read the article and complete the pie charts on the next page.

What Do No. 5 High School Students Do in Their Free Time?

Last month we asked our students about their free time activities. Our questions were

about exercise, use of the Internet and watching TV. Here are the results.

We found that only fifteen percent of our students exercise every day. Forty-five
percent exercise four to six times a week. Twenty percent exercise only one to three

times a week. And twenty percent do not exercise at all!

We all know that many students often go online, but we were surprised that ninety
percent of them use the Internet every day. The other ten percent use it at least three

or four times a week. Most students use it for fun and not for homework.

‘The answers to our questions about watching television were also interesting. Only two
percent of the students watch TV one to three times a week. Thirteen percent watch TV
four to six times a week. And eighty-five percent watch TV every day! Although many
students like to watch sports, game shows are the most popular.

It is good to relax by using the Internet or watching game shows, but we think the best
way to relax is through exercise. It is healthy for the mind and the body. Exercise such as
playing sports is fun, and you can spend time with your friends and family as you play
together. And remember, “Old habits die hard.” So start exercising before it’s too late!

Wow!

——— es : To ae
every day 3—4 times 4-6 times 1-3 times

a week a week a week

— |
no exercise ‘XN
__% ____%
Ne every day | every day

Exercise Use the Internet Watch TV

2 Read the article again and answer the questions.

1. How many percent of the students do not exercise at all?

2. How many percent of the students use the Internet every day?

3. How often do most students watch TV? What do they usually watch?
4. What does the writer think is the best way to relax? Why?

5. Do you think the students at No. 5 are healthy? Why or why not?

2d According to the article and the pie charts, write sentences with the
percentages using always, usually or sometimes.

. 90%: Ninety percent of the students always use the Internet.

- 85%:

45%:

10%:

13%:

. 2%:

AREY

2e Choose one of these free time activities or think of your own. Then ask
your classmates how often they do this activity and make a pie chart.
Show the pie chart to your class.
| ass 一 = em
play computer games ， How often do you...? Names of classmates
read books i
go shopping

draw pictures

1-3 times a week

play sports

《2
oe cceccesvcseeee How often do you exercise?ssseeeccecccecceecccccesoes UNIT2 coccceccccccce

3a Look at the information in the chart and complete the report.

Activities Days a year
Exercise 365
Read books 365
Watch TV for over 2 hours 320
Drink juice 210
| Eat hamburgers 95
| Help with housework 20
Stay up late 15
Go to the dentist 0 |

Jane is a 16-year-old high school student in the United States. American

Teenager magazine asked her about her habits. Jane has a lot of good habits.

She _always_ exercises and she reads books . Also, she

drinks juice and she stays up late. However, she has some bad

habits, too. She _—_—s watches TV for more than two hours a day, and

she eats hamburgers. Her parents are not very happy because she
____ helps with housework and she goes to the dentist for

teeth cleaning. She says she is afraid!

3b Complete the chart with your own information. In the last column, use
expressions like always, every day, twice a week and never.

Activities How often?

Good habits ，

Bad habits

3¢ Write a report about your good and bad habits. Say how often you do
things. Use the report in 3a as an example.

cccccccccccoe UNIT 2 ccccccccccccccccc ccc cccccnscsvccsccccccsessccescccscesesesseeees

4 Take the health quiz. Compare your results with your partner’s. Who's

healthier?
1. How often do you eat breakfast?

a. Never. b. A few times a week. c. Almost every day.
2. How often do you eat fast food?

a. Never. b. A few times a week. c. Almost every day.
3. How often do you eat vegetables and fruit?

a. Never. b. A few times a week. c. Almost every day.
4. How often do you exercise?

a. Afewtimesayear. b.Afewtimesamonth.  c. A few times a week.
5. How many hours do you watch TV every week?

a. None. b. One to four. c. Five or more.
6. How many hours do you usually sleep at night?

a. Less than six. b. Six or seven. c. Eight or more.

9- 12 points: You’ re really healthy! Good for y you 一 |

0-3 points: You have to learn more about healthy
habits. Don’t worry — you can do it!

1.a=0,b=1,c=2 |
and your health! i 2.a=2,b=1,c=0
4-8 points: You're smart about your health most | 3.a=0,b=1,c=2
of the time. 4.a=0,b=1,c=2
5.a=2,b=1,c=0
6.a=0,b=1,c=2

1 Complete the chart with activities you do and don’t do. What
about your mother/father?

]
always usually often {sometimes |hardly ever| never

My mother | |
or father

| 2 Write five sentences using the information above.

| 3. Fill in the blanks in the conversation.

A: What do Tom and Mike 加 do on weekends?
| B: They sometimes go to the museum. |
| A __ do they go to the shopping center?
| B: ___ ever. Maybe about twice a month.

A: _ do they watch TV? |
| B: Mike never watches TV, but Tom watchesTV | day.

A: Oh, I’m just like Tom. I ___ watch TV, too.

Language Goals:
Talk about
personal traits;
Compare
people

f Peter}

fa Match each word with its opposite.

tall loudly
thin short hair
long hair heavy
quietly short

4b) Listen and number the pairs of twins in the picture [1-3].

“le Practice the conversation in the picture above. Then make
conversations about the other twins.

A: That’s Tara, isn’t it?
B: No, it isn’t. It’s Tina. Tina is taller than Tara.
And she also sings more loudly than Tara.

soccer ccccccecs UNIT 3 coccencsccccccncccccsccccccesesccns cscs sense secesssssanscssceust

2a Listen. Are the words in the box used with -(i)er or more? Complete the

chart.
funny (run) fast -er ter re
friendly (jump) high friendly outgoing
outgoing (work) hard
hard-working (get up) early
smart
lazy

2b Listen again. How are Tina and Tara different?
Fill in the boxes.

Tina... Tara ...
is more outgoing than works as hard as
Tara. Tina.

2c Student A, look atthe charton = pore: is taller than Ti
the right. Student B, look atthe ls -alen tian) Lorne

chart on page 81. Ask and answer : Sam fom
questions about SamandTom, - smart
Sees + 3 + *
ce Tom smarter -
than Sam? run fast
oO 9 a
funny =“ .
hard-working “
. friendly
2d Role-play the conversation.
Julie: Did you like the singing competition yesterday,

Anna?

Anna: Oh,, it was fantastic! Nelly sang so well!

Julie: Well, I think Lisa sang better than Nelly.

Anna: Oh, which one was Lisa?

Julie: The one with shorter hair. I think she sang more
clearly than Nelly.

Anna: Yes, but Nelly danced better than Lisa.

Julie: You can tell that Lisa really wanted to win,
though.

Anna: Well, everyone wants to win. But the most important
thing is to learn something new and have fun.

@

seccescesooeses|’m more outgoing than my sister, seseceeeececcescesecoe UNITS 。。…。…。。。

IsTom smarter thanSam? Noheisnt Sam is smarter than Tom.

Is Tara more outgoing than Tina? No, she isn't. Tina is more outgoing than Tara.
Are you as friendly as your sister? No, I’m not. I'm friendlier.

Does Tara work as hard as Tina? Yes, she does.

~ Who's more hard-working at school? Tina thinks she works harder than me

Ba Use the words to write questions and answers.

1. Julie / tall / you
Q: Is Julie as tall as you? _
A: No, she isn’t. She’s taller than me.
2. Jack / run / fast / Sam
Q: _
A: No, he doesn’t. He runs than Sam.
3. your cousin / outgoing / you
Q: _
A:No sheisnt. Shes than me.
4. Paul / funny / Carol
Q: _
A: No, he isn’t. He’s than Carol.

3b Think of yourself two years ago. Write about how you are different now.

1. Are you taller? Yes, Iam. I'm taller now than I was two years ago.

2. Are you funnier?

3. Are you more outgoing?

4. Do you study English harder?

5. Do you sing better?

3c Compare your parents. Check (w) who is Mother Father
smarter, funnier, etc. in the chart. Then ask smart |v
your partner about his/her parents. funny
work hard

A: Who is smarter, your mother or your father?
B: I think my mother is smarter than my father.

outgoing

friendly

sing well

fa What kinds of things are important in a friend?
Rank the things below [1-7] (1 is the most
important).

A good friend ...

a. has cool clothes.
b, is talented in music.

c. likes to do the same things as me.
d. is good at sports.
e.
g.

truly cares about me.
makes me laugh. |

is a good listener. |

4b Talk about what you think a good friend should be like.

A: I think a good friend makes me laugh.

B: For me, a good friend likes to do the same things as me.
C: Yes, and a good friend is talented in music, too.

D: That’s not very important for me...

一
Listen. What do Molly and Mary like about their best friends? Fill in
the first column of the chart.

Like about The same as Different from
their best friends their best friends their best friends
Peter likes to do Molly studies
Molly the same things. harder.
They're both tall. Lisa is quieter.

Mary

td Listen again. How are Molly and Mary the same as and different from
their best friends? Complete the rest of the chart in Ic.

fe wk m4 cm A: Molly studies harder than her best friend.
fice de ere B: Well, Mary and her best friend are both tall.
iends.

20

eeeeeseesaseeeeee| mm more outgoing than my sister. enccscccccccssccvesocs UNIT 3 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

2a Write the comparative forms of the following adjectives. Then use them
to write five sentences about you and your friends.

r

和

i popular a funny quiet

| hard-working Serious _ friendly
outgoing Smart shy

My friend David is more hard-working than me, but I am funnier than him.

2b Should friends be the same or different? Read about what these people
think. Underline the comparative words and phrases in the passages.

My mothertoldme 一 —— Se
agood friendislike It’s not necessary to be
amirror. I'm quieter the same. My best friend
and more serious 。，Larryis quite different |
than most kids. _ from me. He is taller and |
That's why I like | more outgoingthanme. :
reading books and 。 Webothlike sports, but HuangIei
Jef Green 。 study harder in he plays tennis better, so he always wins.
class. My best friend Yuan Liis quiet However, Larry often helps to bring out the
too, so we enjoy studying together. best in me. So I'm getting better at tennis.
Im shy so it’s not easy forme tomake ，Larryis much less hard-working, though.
friends. But I think friends are like I always get better grades than he does, so
books — you don’t need alot ofthem — maybe I should help him more.
as long as they're good.

| Idontreally care if my friends are the same as

me or different. My favorite saying is, “A true
friend reaches for your hand and touches your

_ heart” My best friend Carol is really kind and
very funny. In fact, she’s funnier than anyone
Iknow. I broke my arm last year but she made

_ me laugh and feel better. We can talk about and share everything.
I know she cares about me because she’s always there to listen.

Mary Smith

《3
2c Are the following statements true or false?
1. Jeff is less serious than most kids.
2. Jeff and Yuan Li are both quiet.
3. Jeff thinks it is easy for him to make friends.
4, Huang Lei is taller than Larry.
5. Huang Lei isn’t as good at tennis as Larry.
6. Larry works harder than Huang Lei.
7. Mary thinks her friends should be the same as her.
8. Carol broke her arm last year and Mary made her feel better.

2d How do you and your friends compare with the people in the article?
Write five sentences.

I'm different from Jeff because I’m louder than the other kids in my class.

My best friend is similar to Larry because she’s less hard-working than me.

2e Which saying about friends is your favorite? Which friend do you think
about when you read this saying? Why? Tell your partner about it.

1. A good friend is like a mirror. My favorite saying
a

2. Friends are like books — you don’t need pe me a

is...
bout
je ...

alot of them as long as they re good.

3. My best friend helps to bring out the
best in me.

4. A true friend reaches for your hand and

touches your heart.

&>
seeeceesereseoel’m more outgoing than my sister, *+seecesceessececeeses UNITS coscceccrccenes

3a Wang Lingling and Liu Lili are best friends. Look at the chart below

and compare them.
Wang Lingling Liu Lili

tall | tall ip,

long straight hair short straight hair

likes reading _ likes sports

popular popuiar
t | |
outgoing outgoing | g |
serious funny LH é)
smart ee

hard-working

Wang Lingling's best friend is Liu Lili, They are both tall, but …

Make notes about two of your friends. One friend should be similar to
you; the other friend should be different.

A friend who is different from me

A friend who is similar to me
Name: Name:

ac Write two paragraphs describing your friends.

ccccccccccccce UNIT 3 。。 oooooooooooooooooeoooeeeseeooeooo。ooe。o。。。。。。。。。。。l

a Read the job ad. Then compare two of your classmates. Decide which
classmate is better for the job.

Student Helper Wanted!
The English Study Center needs a
weekend student helper for primary
school students.
You must:

A: So who do you think should
get the job, Jenny or Jill?
B: Well, Jenny is smarter. I think

¢ be a middle school student

¢ have good grades in English

* be good with children

* be outgoing

Call the English Study Center at
443-5667 for more information.

she should get the job.
A: Jenny is smarter, but I think
Jill is more outgoing.

| 1 Put the words in the correct columns in the chart.

hard-working runfast quiet serious jumphigh smart

What people are like What people can do

| 之 Fillin the blanks using the correct forms of the words in brackets.

1. My brother is (fanny) than me. He makes people laugh a lot.
2. I’m outgoing, but my best friend is a lot

(outgoing) than me.

| 3. My brother is as (serious) as my sister. They both like to study.
| 4. My cousin can run (fast) than me. She is taller than me, too.

| 5. Jimis (friendly) than Tom, so Tom has more friends than Jim.
|

|

3 Think of your best friend. Write down two ways in which
you are similar, and two ways in which you are different.
Use comparatives.

1.

2.
3.
4

>
What's the best movie theater?

Language Goals:
Discuss

preferences;
Make
comparisons

How do you choose which movie theater to go to? Write the things in
the box under “Important” or “Not Important”.

comfortable seats big screens best sound cheap
new movies close to home buy tickets quickly popular

Important | Not Important

Qualities
It has the biggest screens.
It's the most popular near here.

_ It's the closest to home.

It has the shortest waiting time. |
It has the best sound.
It has the most comfortable seats.

acess ena erp TSH nant A A mina one

A: What’s the best movie theater?
Practice the conversation. Then talk | 8: Sun Cinema. It’s the cheapest.
about the movie theaters you know. A: But I think Moon Theater has

the most comfortable seats.

Veecccccccccce UNIT A cocccccccvccnccncccccccvvcccccnescceencccceseccesenesssccseeeees

= atin
2a Listen to a reporter interviewing a boy. Circle) the boy’s answers.

a | i Green City Survey |
1. Which is the best clothes store?

a. Miller’s b. Blue Moon _c. Dream Clothes
2. Which is the best radio station?

a.970AM ~~ b.97.9FM c. 107.9 FM j
一

2b Listen again. Write the correct store or radio station next to each statement.

Clothes stores

:
j
i:

Miller’s It’s the most expensive.
Blue Moon ____ It has the best clothes.
Dream Glothes It’s the worst store.

You can buy clothes the most cheaply there.
Radio stations
970 AM ______It has the worst music.
97.9 FM _____ They play the most boring songs.
107.9 FM ae DJs choose songs the most carefully.
___It’s the most popular.

2 Student A, you are the reporter. Student B, you are the boy. Role-play
a conversation using the information in 2a and 2b.

| A: Hello! I’m a reporter. Can I ask you some questions?
|B: Sure.
| A: What's the best clothes store in town?
| B: I think Miller’s is the best.
A: Why do you think so?
| B: Well, Miller’s has ...

人

2d Role-play the conversation.

Greg: Hi, I’m Greg. I’m new in town.

Helen: Hi, I’m Helen. Welcome to the neighborhood! How do you like it so far?

Greg: It’s fantastic, but I still don’t really know my way around,

Helen: Well, the best supermarket is on Center Street. You can buy the freshest
food there. -

Greg: Oh, great. Is there a cinema around here?

I love watching movies.

Helen: Yes, Sun Cinema is the newest one. You can
sit the most comfortably because they have
the biggest seats.

Greg: Thanks for telling me.

Helen: No problem.

©

Seecccecossccecce What's the best movie theater? *«ccvcesoceescssecccesos UNIT G 。。。。。。。。。。。。。

What's the best movie theater to Town Cinema. It's the closest to home. And you

QOt0/arn Tem can buy tickets the most quickly there.

Which is the worst clothes store in Dream Clothes. It's worse than Blue Moon.

town? It has the worst service. i

What do you think of 970 AM? | think 970 AM is pretty bad. It has the worst
music.

3a Fill in the blanks with the correct forms of the words in brackets.

1. We went to the _ (bad) restaurant in town last night.
The menu had only 10 dishes and the service was not good at all!

2. Blue Moon is ___ (good), but Miller’s is
(good) in town.

3. The Big Screen is (expensive) than most cinemas, but
Cinema City is (expensive).

4. Movie City has the (bad) service, but we can sit the
oie (comfortably) there.

5. Tom acted the (well) in that movie. I think he’s much

(good) than other actors. He can always find the
(interesting) roles to play.

3b Think of three stores that sell similar things in your town and fill in the
chart. Then write six sentences using the information in the chart.

Service © best: worst:

Quality | best: worst:

Prices | cheapest: most expensive:

Be Think of three restaurants for lunch near your home.
Fill in the chart. Then talk in your group
and choose the best one.

$15 The Des? one

t's the closest

Baviny

Decause

Restaurants Danny's

How much is a meal?

How far is vyourhome? 10 minutes by bus

Is the

Is the foad good?

27
os。 UNIT crcccccccsccccnsccnccnancsssscesscrcccccsssscesensescearsesenees

fa Write these words and

。 funniest most creative
phrases next to their

opposites in the chart. quietest best
most boring | _ most creative
loudest |
| 一
Worst |

most serious

1b Tell your partner about people you know.
Use the words in la.

My. cousin Li Jing
is The Tunnest
T know

person

4c Listen to people talking about a school talent show.
Match the pictures with the performers.

Eliza Vera
Steve Dennis
The Math Teachers

lay
1a Listen again. What do the people say about the performers?
Fill in the chart with the adjectives you hear.

Dennis
The Math Teachers

fe Look at the information in 1d and make a conversation.

A: Who was the best performer?
B: Eliza was the best performer.

Jeeevccsveseseoe What's the best movie theater? sceececccevcccsccccccece UNIT 4 cocccccccvcece

2a Who is the most talented person you know? What can he/she do?
Tell your partner about this person.

A: I think... is the most talented person.
B: What can he/she do?
A: He/She...

2b Read the passage. Which three talent shows are mentioned?

Who’s Got Talent?

Everyone is good at something, but some people are truly talented. It’s
always interesting to watch other people show their talents. Talent shows

are getting more and more popular. First, there were shows like American

Idol and America’s Got Talent. Now, there are similar shows around the
world, such as China’s Got Talent.

All these shows have one thing in common:
They try to look for the best singers, the most
talented dancers, the most exciting magicians,
the funniest actors and so on. All kinds of
people join these shows. But who can play the
piano the best or sing the most beautifully?
That's up to you to decide. When people watch
the show, they usually play a role in deciding
the winner. And the winner always gets a very

good prize.

However, not everybody enjoys watching these shows. Some think that

the lives of the performers are made up. For example, some people say they

these shows too seriously, they are fun to watch. And one great thing about
them is that they give people a way to make their dreams come true.

|
|
|
are poor farmers, but in fact they are just actors. However, ifyou don't take |
上
|

TS 全、pPe ae ao 人 ma

3
ac Read the passage again and answer the questions.

1. What do talent shows have in common?

2. Who decides the winner?

3. Why do some people not like these shows?

4. Why do some people like these shows?

5. What do you think of these shows?

2d Underline all the superlatives in the passage.
Then write sentences using at least four of them.

best singer: In my class, Tom is the best singer

because he can sing fast songs very well.

2e Whos got talent in your class? Add more talents and write a classmate’s
name for each talent. Find out how many students in your group agree
with you.

Talents Classmates’ names How many students agree?

the most talented dancer

the most interest

the fastest runner

€>
pe ececseseseesee What's the best movie theater? oo UNIT A 。

3a Read the article about Greenwood Park. Fill in the blanks with the
correct superlative forms of the adjectives and adverbs in the box.

crowded creative good fast quietly

Greenwood Park is the best place to go to on weekends. | always finish

my breakfast on Saturdays because I want to get to Greenwood
Park before 10:00 a.m. to meet my friends. The park is place on

weekends because almost everyone goes there to see the street performers.

Some people think they are boring, but I
think they are people. However,
the place where you can enjoy your time

is at one of the small coffee shops
near the park. You can read or relax there.

There is something for everyone at

Greenwood Park.

3b Think about some of the best places/things in your town. Why are they
the best?

Best places/things in my town Why?

best middle No. 1 Middle School Because it is the most beautiful
school School in my town.

Be Write about your town and the best places/things there.

@ Discuss the towns/cities in China with a partner. Tell the class which
town/city you think is the best.

Which is the best town/city?
... has the best...

The most popular

city for visitors

... is the best because ...

攻 is better than ..., but ... is the most .…

1 Fillin the blanks with the superlative forms of the words in the box.

| good cheap popular comfortably bad |

1. DumplingHouseis restaurant in the city. You can get a
big plate of dumplings for only five yuan.

2. Spring Park is place in the city on weekends. Many
families go there with their young children. Lots of old people like to take
walks there, too.

3. You can rest ____at Flower Hotel. Their rooms are clean and
big.

4. 109.9 FM plays music. The songs are always boring and
too loud.

5. PEP High School is _ school in this town. Theyhave big |

classrooms, fantastic teachers and an excellent sports center. |

2 Read the information. Then correct the mistakes in the
sentences below.

A movie ticket at Town Cinema is $12.00. It is $10.50 at Screen City,
and $10.00 at Movie World. |

Screen City is always very crowded. Many people go to Movie World,
too, But you can always get a ticket at Town Cinema.

‘The seats at Movie World are very comfortable. The seats at Screen
City are a little hard. The Town Cinema seats are very uncomfortable.

1. Movie World is the most expensive.

2. Screen City has the cheapest tickets.

3. Town Cinema is more popular than Screen City.
4. Movie World is the most popular.

5. Town Cinema has the most comfortable seats.

|
Language Goals:
Talk about
preferences;
Make plans

What do you think |
of talk shows?

1a Match the TV shows with the pictures [a-g].

1. talk show 4. sitcom 7. news
2.Soap opera d 5. game show
3. sports show 6. talent show

1b Listen and number the shows [1-4] in the order you hear them.

talent show talk show soccer game news

‘le Practice the conversation. Then make your own conversations.

love © © like © A: What do you want to watch?
don'tmind® don't like 四 B: What do you think of talk shows?
A: They’re OK. I don’t mind them.
B: Then let’s watch a talk show.

can't stand ® 四

ec eecerccccres UNITS cocccccccccccccnncnccvcescceeecrsceseereseesessenseesccesevssene

oN
a Listen to Lin Hui and Sally’s conversation. Number the TV shows [1-5]
in the order you hear them.

| sitcoms news
_ game shows talk shows

soap operas

—~
(2b Listen again. Complete the sentences.

1. Sally likes to watch

2. Lin Hui thinks she can learn _____ from sitcoms.
3. Sally thinks __are more educational than sitcoms.
4. Sallyloves .Sheplansto watch Days of Our Past

2c Ask and answer questions about the TV shows in 2a. Use information
that is true for you.

A: Do you plan to watch the news tonight?

B: Yes. I like watching the news. I watch it every night.

| A: Why?

| B: Because I hope to find out what’s going on around the world.

2d Role-play the conversation.

Grace: What did you do in class today, Sarah?

Sarah: We had a discussion about TV shows. My
classmates like game shows and sports
shows.

Grace: Oh, I can’t stand them. I love soap operas.
I like to follow the story and see what
happens next.

Sarah: Well, I don’t mind soap operas. But my
favorite TV shows are the news and talk shows.

Grace: They’re boring!

Sarah: Well, they may not be very exciting, but you can expect to learn a lot
from them. I hope to be a TV reporter one day.

seeceeeesesoseeio you want to watch a game show?。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 UNIT 5 。。。。，。。。。。。*。。

Do you want to watch the news? Yes, | do./No, | don’t.

What do you plan to watch tonight? | plan to watch Days of Our Past.

What can you expect to learn from sitcoms? You can learn some great jokes.
| Because | hope to find out what's going
on around the world.
| don‘t mind them./I can’t stand theml/
_ love watching them!

Why do you like watching the news?

What do you think of talk shows?

Ba Make a conversation and then practice it with a partner.

A: What do you plan to watch on TV tonight?

B: Ihope to _ , but Ialso want to
. How about you? Do you

a talk show or

A: Oh, I want to _

3b Answer these questions. Give answers that are true for you.

. What do you think of game shows?

am

2. What comedy shows do you like to ¢ 4 |
watch? ‘ .: Seba.

3. Do you plan to watch a sports show)

tonight? bs >

4. What can you expect to learn from
the news?

3c Ask your classmates questions and write their names in the chart.

Find someone who ... __ Students’ names

Do you want to

wants to watch a movie watch a movie?

hopes to watch a sitcom

expects to watch the news
plans to watch a sports show ((es. te)

never wants to watch a game show
eccceccccccccos UNIT 5 ceccccccccencccccccrsccnescecseeseceseessensceasnnnssnsessssees

What do you think of these TV shows and movies?
Choose words from the box and write them under the
pictures. Each picture can have more than one word.

educational serious wonderful relaxing

meaningless enjoyable exciting boring

talk show soap opera sports show game show news

i 2 | 图 .
show comedy action movie cartoon scary movie

talent

一 、
“ab Listen and ‘circle: the description words you hear in the box in la.

~~
i Listen again. Write down the words John and Mary use to describe the
TV shows or movies.

Action movies. Scary movies | Game shows Sitcoms Talk shows
John exciting

Mary

1d Tell your partner what John and Mary like to watch and why. Then tell
your partner what you like to watch and why.

John wants to watch talk shows because
they're enjoyable. I like to watch action
movies because they're exciting.

€>
seessceeceseeeee [Qo you want to watch a game show7?。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 UNIT 5 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。
2a Discuss the following questions with a partner.

1. Do you like to watch cartoons?
2. What is your favorite cartoon?
3. Why do you like it?

2b Read the passage and complete the time line on the next page.

When people say “culture”, we
think of art and history. But one
very famous symbol in American
culture is a cartoon. We all know
and love the black mouse with

two large round ears — Mickey

Mouse. Over 80 years ago, he first
appeared in the cartoon Steamboat Willie. When this cartoon came
out in New York on November 18, 1928, it was the first cartoon with
sound and music, The man behind Mickey was Walt Disney. He
became very rich and successful. In the 1930s, he made 87 cartoons
with Mickey.

Some people might ask how this cartoon animal became so popular.
One of the main reasons is that Mickey was like a common man, but he
always tried to face any danger. In his early films, Mickey was unlucky
and had many problems such as losing his house or girlfriend, Minnie.
However, he was always ready to try his best. People went to the
cinema to see the “little man” win. Most of them wanted to be like
Mickey.

On November 18, 1978, Mickey became the first cartoon character
to have a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Today’s cartoons are
usually not so simple as little Mickey Mouse, but everyone still knows

and loves him. Who has a pair of ears more famous than Mickey's?

137
eeeesesseses UNITS coccccccccccccccsecnscnseesssenssssssessssnsssesssssessessessoes

Steamboat Willie

came out in New York.

1930s November 18, 1978

2c Read the passage again and fill in the facts about Mickey.

iWhat does he Who created | What was his Who is his Why is he
look like? | him? first cartoon? girlfriend? popular?

Mickey
Mouse

2d Read the passage again and discuss the questions with a partner.

1. What is Mickey Mouse a symbol of? What cartoon character is a symbol of
Chinese culture?

2. Do you think Walt Disney is a smart man? Why or why not? Do you want
to be like him?

3. Why did people want to be like Mickey? Do you want to be like Mickey?
Why or why not?

4. Can you think of another cartoon character that is as famous as Mickey?

Why is the character popular?

2e Underline the following phrases in the passage. Write your own
sentences or questions using the phrases.

think of

come out

one of the main reasons

such as

was ready to

try his best

yeccevecscccosee{)o you want to watch a game Show7。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 UNIT 5S 。。。*。。。*。。。。。。。。

3a Fill in the blanks in the movie review. Use the words in the box to help you.

fantastic shows action want comes from played about like exciting plan

Mulan is an_ _movie. It

an old Chinese story. The movie is a village girl, Mulan.
She dresses up like a boy and takes her father’s place to fight in the army.
| Ithink the actress

Mulan’s role well. The other actors are also
and they did a good job
in the movie. I _ Mulan very
much. The movie her love
for her family, friends and country. If you

to watch a movie this

_ weekend and you to see

_ something enjoyable, choose Mulan!

3b Write notes for your own movie review.

The name of the movie:
The kind of movie:

What the movie is about:

What you think of the movie/stars:

Be Write your movie review using the notes in 3b.

ccc ccccccocce UNITS ceccccccccccccccesececveccccccsseeessssssssnsscecsscssescesceses

What do you and your partner think of these TV shows or movies?
Write description words for each one.

Me My partner

soap operas
talent shows
‘
Ss news

sports shows

they're
bering!

game shows

talk shows
“comedies

scary movies

action movies

cartoons

1 Write questions and answers using the words in brackets.
1. A: (what/think of/ soap operas)
B: (can’t stand)
2. A: (what show/want to watch/tonight)
B: __ (talent show)
3A (what/expect to learn/game show)
B: (interesting information)
4, A: a (what/hope to watch/tomorrow)
B: (news)
S.A: (do/ plan to watch/action movie)
B: (no/plan to watch/comedy)
2 Which of these statements do you agree with (w) or disagree

| with (X)? Give at least one reason.
1. [think game shows are meaningless.() _

2. Ican't stand soap operas.(_)

3. I think sitcoms and talent shows are relaxing. ()
4, Ilove talk shows. ()
5. Ithink comedies are fantastic. ( _ )

40
Language Goal:

Ik us =

下 2

a ; What do you want to

future intentions f nds be when you grow up?_ AT want to be

2

| 一 a computer
How are you going programmer.
to do that? 一 一 )
一 Im going to study”
C

ompufer science,

Do you think these jobs are interesting? Rank them [1-12] (1 is most
interesting, 12 is least interesting).

____ computer programmer ____ cook ____ doctor
___ engineer ___ teacher ___ violinist
_____ bus driver ____ pilot ____ pianist
____ basketball player ____ scientist ____ actor

Listen and fill in the blanks. Then match the items.

1. computer programmer a. take lessons
tn .

2. basketball player — b. study science

3. engineer c. practice every day

4. actor d. study really hard

Practice the conversation
in the picture. Then make
conversations about the
other jobs in la.

A: What do you want to be when you grow up?
B: I want to be a basketball player.

A: How are you going to do that?

B: I’m going to practice basketball every day.

jecesccccccece UNITG coccccccccccccncccscccccsscccccccssssvecnesnesesssscssssscsesese

oN
2a Listen. What is Cheng Han going to do? Check (w) the correct boxes
in the picture.

ha
上 Listen again. What are Cheng Han’s plans for the future? Complete the
chart.

What |
Where |
How

When —

2 Ask and answer questions about Cheng Han’s plans.

A: What does Cheng Han want to be?
B: He wants to be...

2d Role-play the conversation.

Andy: What are you reading, Ken?

Ken: The Old Man and the Sea by Hemingway.

Andy: Wow, now I know why you're so good at
writing stories.

Ken: Yes, I want to be a writer.

Andy: Really? How are you going to become a
writer?

Ken: Well, I’m going to keep on writing stories,
of course. What do you want to be?

Andy: My parents want me to be a doctor, but I’m not sure about that.

Ken: Well, don’t worry. Not everyone knows what they want to be. Just make
sure you try your best. Then you can be anything you want!

Andy: Yes, you're right.
so sesceecesoeseel'm going to study computer science.sseererececceccseces UNITE 。。…

What do you want to be when you grow up? _—_| want to be an engineer.

How are you going to do that? Im going to study math really hard.
Where are you going to work? I'm going to move to Shanghai.
i'm going to start when | finish high
school and college.

When are you going to start?

3a Match what these people want to do with what they are going to do.

___1. My friend wants to be an engineer. a. They're going to practice every day.
___2. My brother wants to be an actor. b. I’m going to buy a fast car.

___ 3, Lwant to be ascientist. c. We're going to take singing lessons.
___ 4. Mysister wants to be a schoolteacher. d. Shes going to study education.
___ 5. Those boys want to be soccer players. e. Shes going to study math.
___ 6, My friend and I want to be singers. f.
___ 7. My cousin wants to be a cook. g. He's going to go to a cooking school.
___ 8. want to be a race car driver. h. He's going to take acting lessons.

Tm going to study science.

3b Fill in the blanks. Then practice the conversation.

A: Kelly, what do you want to be you grow up? ef

BI to be a doctor. f rN

A: Wow! are you going to do that? & 了 \ |
Bim to study medicine at a university Z |
A: Hmm... sounds dithcult are you to study? a se |
B: Im going to in London

A are you going to start?

B: [im going to next September.

3c Complete the chart and A: What do you want to be when you grow up?

B: I want to be a reporter.

discuss it with your 。
partner. A: How are you going to do that?
B: I’m going to write articles and send them to
magazines and newspapers.
What
Where
How

When
wcccccccccccce UNIT G 。 oooooooooooooosoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooosoooo。

fa Match the pictures with the New Year’s resolutions.
Number the pictures [1-5].

New Year’s Resolutions
Next year, I’m going to:
' 1. learn to play the piano
2. make the soccer team | |
; 3. get good grades
4. eat healthier food
. S. get lots of exercise

4b What are you going to do next year? Tell your partner.

A: What are you going to do next year?
B: Well, I’m going to take guitar lessons. I really love music.

A: Sounds interesting. I’m going to learn another foreign language.
B: Are you? Great! But foreign languages are not for me.

faa
1c Listen and «circle: the resolutions you hear in la.

4d Listen again. Write how the people are going to
make their resolutions work.

How are they going to do it?

She's going to take piano lessons.

Mike

qe Make a list of other resolutions and how you are going to make them
work. Then discuss them with your group.

A: T want to be a teacher.
B: How are you going to do that?

A: Well, I'm going to study hard and get good grades.

B: Sounds like a good plan. I want to get a lot of exercise.

pecccceccoccosee|'in going to study computer science.sseesceeesrerseccces UNIT 6 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

2a Discuss the questions with your partner.

1. Did you make any resolutions last year?

2. Were you able to keep them? Why or why not?

2b Read the passage. Put the sentences [A-D] in the correct places.

|
A. These are about making yourselfa better person.
B, Forexample, a student may have to find more time to study.
>. There are good reasons for this.
1. Do you know C. There are good reasons for thi

what a resolution D. The start of the year is often a time for making resolutions.

is? It’s a kind of : TY
promise. Most of the time, we make promises to other people. (“Mom, I

promise I’m going to tidy my room when I get back from school.”) However,
promises you make to yourself are resolutions, and the most common kind
is New Year's resolutions. When we make resolutions at the
beginning of the year, we hope that we are going to improve our lives. Some
people write down their resolutions and plans for the coming year. This helps
them to remember their resolutions. Others tell their family and friends about
their wishes and plans.

2. There are different kinds of resolutions. Some are about physical health.
For example, some people promise themselves they are going to start an
exercise program or eat less fast food. Many resolutions have to do with
self-improvement. Some people might say they are going to
take up a hobby like painting or taking photos, or learn to play the guitar.
Some resolutions have to do with better planning, like making a weekly plan
for schoolwork. a

3. Although there are differences, most resolutions
have one thing in common. People hardly ever
keep them! Sometimes the
resolutions may be too difficult to keep. Sometimes
people just forget about them. For this reason,
some people say the best resolution is to have no
resolutions! How about you — will you make any
next year?

secccccccecccs UNIT G sccccccccccccncccscccccvcccccscccccccceessessssonsscsesscceceses

2c Read the passage again and match each paragraph [1-3] with its main
purpose below. Underline the words and phrases that helped you decide.

To question the idea of making resolutions
__ To give the meaning of resolution

To discuss the different kinds of resolutions

2d Answer the questions with short sentences.

1. What is a resolution?

2. When do people usually make resolutions?

3. Why do people usually make resolutions?

4. How can people remember their resolutions?

5. How many kinds of resolutions does the writer talk about?

6. Why do you think resolutions may be difficult to keep?

7. Do you think the best resolution is to have no resolutions? Why or why not?

2e Find these phrases in the passage. Then write your own sentences with
them.

have to do with

make promises

have...incommon _

writedown —__

for this reason

take up

eeeccescescosee|'m going to study computer science. s*seeeerereccrescees UNIT 6 。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

3a Complete the first two paragraphs about resolutions with the words in

the box.
take listen make is help learn are
=) Resolutions promises to yourself. They may =

1

-5 to make you a better person and to make your life easier. Iam going to

_ four resolutions.

4

The first resolution is about my own personal improvement. Next year, or

maybe sooner,lam goingto __ up anew hobby. I think singing
a great activity so I am going to to sing. I think this
will also make my family happy because they love to to music
“and sing together.

3b Write your resolutions under the following headings.
1. Ideas for improving my physical health

get more exercise, _

2. Ideas for improving my relationships with my family and friends

3. Ideas for doing better at school

3c Use your notes to write three more paragraphs about your resolutions.
In each EL write what aE are going to do and why.

~The second resolution is about improving my ae health.

~The third resolution is about improving my relationships with my family
-» and friends.

© The last resolution is about how to do better at school.

pe ccecccccccos UNITE coccccccccccccccccccccccsscccescccssscessecssescenceccssesscons

4 Imagine you work for your city. Think of a
plan to make it cleaner and greener.

1. We're going to make the subway better.

Then people don't have to drive to work.

Dr

3.

4.

5.

1 Match the jobs with| {. computer programmer medicine

the school subjects. | 2. engineer computer science
3. doctor math
4. basketball player science
5. scientist PE.

2  Fillin the blanks in the conversation.

A: What do you to be when you grow up?
B: I want a scientist.
A: Wow! That sounds cool. But it’s also difficult. are you
to do that?
B: After I finish high school, I’m ___—_ to. go to university.
A: are you to study?
B: In Hefei. I'm to study there for four years.
A: I think I want ateacher. Im —_—_ to teach in Wuhan.

3 Write about your plans.

Tomorrow, I’m going to
Next week,
Next month, _
Next year,

48)

~~ Do you think Pm. Sse 4
here will be robots in
people's —

Yes, there will. \
‘ I think every home

Language oat i will have a robot.

Make predictions | Will kids go {

I to school? Kids won't go, 总

to school, They'll

study at home on

How will the world be different 100 years from now? Read these
predictions. Check (w) A for agree or D for disagree.

A __D 1. People will have robots in their homes.
2. People won't use money. Everything will be free.
3. Books will only be on computers, not on paper.

5. There will be only one country.

D
D
D 4. Kids won't go to school. They'll study at home on computers.
D
卫 6. People will live to be 200 years old.

“tbe Listen and ‘circle) the predictions you hear in La.

ac Ask and answer questions about the predictions in la.

A: Will people use money in 100 years?

B: No, they won't. Everything will be free.
Will people live to be 200 years old?

A: Yes, they will.

2a Listen and ‘circle’ the words you hear.

1. There will be (more / less / fewer) people,

2. There will be (more / less / fewer) free time.

3. There will be (more / less / fewer) cars.
4. There will be (more / less / fewer) pollution.
5. There will be (more / less / fewer) trees.

a
2b Listen again. Check (w) the predictions you hear.

_____ 1. There will be fewer people.
_____ 2. There will be less free time.
_____ 3. People will use the subways less.
___ 4, There will be more pollution.

5. Cities will be very big and crowded.

20 Make conversations about the predictions in 2a and 2b.

A: Whats your prediction about the future?
B: I think there will be more pollution.

A: Really? I don’t think so. But I think there will be fewer trees.

2d Role-play the conversation.

Nick: What are you reading, Jill?

Jill: It’s a book about the future.

Nick: Sounds cool. So what will the future be
like?

Jill: Well, cities will be more crowded and
polluted. There will be fewer trees and
the environment will be in great danger.

Nick: That sounds bad! Will we have to move
to other planets?

Jill: Maybe. But I want to live on the earth.

Nick: Me, too. Then what can we do?

Jill: We can use less water and plant more
trees. Everyone should play a part in saving the earth.

veeeecsensesosoWill people have robots? seereecccccecccccccccccsovcce UMIT 7 .…

What will the future be like?

Cities will be more polluted. And there will

和 二 和 be fewer trees. _|
Will people use money in 100 years? No, they won't. Everything will be free.
_ Will there be world peace? Yes, | hope so.

Kids will study at home on computers. They won't go to school.

Countable nouns Uncountable nouns

“There will be more people. There will be more pollution.
There will be fewer trees. There will be less free time.

‘Il = will
won't = will not

3a Fill in the blanks with more, less or fewer.

1. In the future, there willbe ——_fresh water because there will be
pollution in the sea.
2. In 100 years, there will be cars because there willbe
people in the cities.
3. There will be _jobs for people because_———_ robots will do the
same jobs as people.
4. I think there will be cities because people will build
buildings in the country.
5. In 50 years, people will have __ free time because there will be
things to do.

3b Complete the predictions with what you think will happen.
1. Kids study at school now. In 100 years,

2. I sometimes see blue skies in my city, but in the future

3. People now usually live to be about 70-80 years old, but in the future

4. Families usually spend time together on weekends, but maybe in 200 years
的 Draw a picture of what you think a city in the future will be like. Then
describe it to the class.

T think there will be

fa Write each word in the correct column below.

astronaut house apartment train

rocket space station computer programmer

Jobs Transportation Places to live

‘1b Think of other words and write them in the chart in 1a.

一
2 Listen to Alexis and Joe. Number the pictures [1-3].

fa
4d Listen again. Fill in the blanks with the correct verbs in the box.
11 live in an apartment across the street from here.
2.1 near here.
3.1 a computer programmer.
4. We - in a house in the country. i ee ie
lived took
5.1 the train to school. ， ay ，
| willbe — willlive will fly
6.1 _ an astronaut. L
7.1 rockets to the moon.
8. on a space station.
fe Student A is Alexis and Student B is Joe. A: Where do you live?

Talk about Joe’s life now, 10 years ago and
10 years from now.

5

B: I live in an apartment.

perccescsccecce\ilil| people have robots? ¢eeeeeeseecescecevcsececccess UNIT 7 ，。。。。，。。。。。。。"。

2a

2b

Tell your partner what you know about robots. What do they look like
and what can they do?

Read the article and match each paragraph with the question it discusses.

Paragraph 1 Will robots think like humans in the future?
Paragraph 2 What will robots be like in the future?
Paragraph 3 What can robots do today?

Paragraph 4 What are robots like in movies?

Do You Think You Will Have Your Own Robot?

When we watch movies about the future, we sometimes see robots. They
are usually like human servants. They help with the housework and do
jobs like working in dirty or dangerous places.

Today there are already robots working in factories. Some can help to build
cars, and they do simple jobs over and over again. Fewer people will do such
jobs in the future because they are boring, but robots will never get bored.

Scientists are now trying to make
robots look like humans and do the
same things as we do. Some robots
in Japan can walk and dance. They
are fun to watch. However, some
scientists believe that although we
can make robots move like people,
it will be difficult to make them
really think like a human. For example, scientist James White thinks that
robots will never be able to wake up and know where they are. But many
scientists disagree with Mr. White. They think that robots will even be
able to talk like humans in 25 to S0 years.

Some scientists believe that there will be more robots in the future. However,
they agree it may take hundreds of years. These new robots will have many
different shapes. Some will look like humans, and others might look like
animals. In India, for example, scientists made robots that look like snakes. If
buildings fall down with people inside, these snake robots can help look for
people under the buildings. This was not possible 20 years ago, but computers
and rockets also seemed impossible 100 years ago. We never know what will
happen in the future!

&
er eeeecceseees UNIT 7 cccccccccccccccscccrsvccccnvescceescccsassensessssccesssscccces:

Read the article again quickly. Complete the sentences about what robots

can do now.
1. Robots can build in factories.
2.Theycando jobs many times and never get bored.
3. Some can and ee
4. Some can help _ people under _

2d Fill in the blanks in this paragraph with words from the article.

Some robots are very human-like. They can walk and
_like people. Some scientists think that in the

future they will robots more like humans. This

may not in the near future, but at some point,

robots will even be able to like people. However,

some scientists _. James White believes that |
\ robots will not be able to do the things as we can. |
For example, he thinks that robots will be able to
wake up and know where they are. Which side do you

with?

What kinds of animals might robots look like in the future? What do
you think these robots will be able to do? Write your ideas and discuss
them with your partner.

I think some future robots might look like

will

soveccorecoesee Will people have robots? eeseeceesccccccccecececessves UNIT 7 ee

3a Read Jill’s answer to the question “What will your life be like in the
future?” Fill in the blanks with the words in the box.

meet work jive look keep wear more less fewer take

In 20 years, I think I’ll be a newspaper reporter. I'l __ in Shanghai, because
there will be jobs in that city. As a reporter, I think I will _
lots of interesting people, so I'll have more friends. I’ll have _ __ pets,
though, becauseI’llhave ———_free time. And my apartment will be no good
for pets because it'll be too small. So I'll probably just

_a bird. During the week, I’ll
smart clothes. On the weekend, I'll less
smart but I’ll be more comfortable. In the future, people
will more so they'll probably have fewer
vacations, butI think] aa holliday in Hong

Kong when possible. One day I’ll even go to Australia.

an 要 ”全
I AT 人 一 了 ~—- 4 ~ _<

3b Complete the chart about your life 20 years from now. You can add
more items.

What will your ... be like?

job
home
free time activities |

neighborhood

3c Write about your life 20 years from now. Use 3a and 3b to help you.

povcesscvccccce UNIT 7 cccccccccccccccccccccncccccccce senescence vecsessessscsccsones

a Discuss how you think a robot will help students with schoolwork in the
future. Write down your group’s ideas and draw a picture of your robot.

1. I think students won't need
dictionaries because a robot will

tell them the meanings of words.

1 Put the words in the correct columns in the chart.

job people pollution robot fresh water paper planet

car cleanair city free time building money tree

more/fewer more/less

2 Fill in the blanks in the conversation.

Girl: Mom, what will the future like?
Mom: Well, no one knows what the future will be \
Girl: But 1be beautiful like you? _ ____ Ibe a pilot?
I want to fly up into the sky.
Mom: You're already beautiful. And you should study hard. Then you
be a pilot.
| Girl: OK, I must study harder then.
Mom: But you should also remember that will
both good and bad things in life.
Girl: Oh, but I’m not scared, Mom, because you ___ help me!

&>
How do you make a banana milk shake?

| the milk
into the blender

Language Goals: : (fe Say
Describe a a 人 {|

the milk shake

process;
Follow
instructions

fa Write these words in the blanks in the picture above.

| turn on cut up drink peel pour put |

‘ia
Ab Listen and put the instructions in order.

______ Turn on the blender.
_ Cut up the bananas.
______ Drink the milk shake.
_____ Pour the milk into the blender.
_____ Put the bananas and ice-cream in the blender.

1 Peel three bananas.

ac Cover the instructions above. Tell your partner how to make a banana
milk shake.

A: How do you make a banana milk shake?
B: First, peel the bananas...

ceneevccesscce UNITS ceccccccccccsccscccsccrcccsasennessccccssesssesvcessscnscccsr ies

一
2a Listen and complete the chart.

How many bananas We need three
do we need?

do we need?

How much yogurt We need one cup
f un

‘:
watermelo:

How many | bananas, j

How much | yogurt,

oN
2h Listen again. Write the ingredients under the correct amount in the chart.

1 1 '
one | two j three j one cup | two spoons
watermelon,

A: Let’s make fruit salad.

2 Ask and answer B: OK, good idea. How much yogurt do we need?
questions about A: One cup.
how to make fruit B: How many apples do we need?
salad. A: Let me think ... We need two apples.

B: OK, and how much...

2d Role-play the conversation.

Anna: Sam, I want to make Russian soup for a
party on Saturday. Can you tell me how?

Sam: Sure. First, buy some beef, one cabbage,
four carrots, three potatoes, five tomatoes
and one onion. Then, cut up the vegetables.

Anna: What’s next?

Sam: Next, put the beef, carrots and potatoes into a pot and add some water.
After that, cook them for 30 minutes. Then, add the cabbage, tomatoes
and onion and cook for another 10 minutes.

Anna: OK, that’s it?

Sam: No, one more thing. Finally, don’t forget to add some salt.

&>
teeeceseeeesees How do you make a banana milkshake?。 UNIT8 seeeccereccere

First, peel the bananas.

Next, put the bananas in the blender.
Then, pour the milk into the blender.
Finally, turn on the blender.

How do you make a banana milk shake?

Countable nouns Uncountable nouns
How many bananas do we need? How much yogurt do we need?
We need three bananas. We need one cup of yogurt.

3a Circle) the correct word in each question.
1. How (much / many) bananas do we need?
2. How (much / many) sugar do we need?
3. How (much / many) bread do we need?
4. How (much / many) tomatoes do we need?
5. How (much / many) cheese do we need?

3h Complete the questions and answers. Then match them.

ol do you make popcorn? Wz.
we corn do we need? Fone
3. do we do next?

4. ___ salt do we need?

___ S$. Now can we eat it?

a. Halfa cup.
b. put the corn into the popcorn machine.
c. Yes, we can!

d. Next, on the machine. , add the salt.
e. Just one spoon.

Write how to do one of the following things. Then tell your partner how
to do it.

Do you know how to -Plant a tree

plant a tree : make beef noodles
+ aia ;
7 tdiea AN = - wash clothes
take out a book from the library

So.
coccesccccccos UNITS cosccccccccvaancescenccssccunscnsssscecsennesseseoveenscsoscuens

ta Make a list of the things you like in a sandwich.

inte

In my sandwich, | like

A: Do you like lettuce in a sandwich?
B: Yes, I do.

Ask and answer questions
with a partner. Find out what

A:D like tomatoes?
he/she likes in a sandwich. © you mre romanoes

B: No, I don’t.

Look at the picture in 1a. Listen and circle) the words you hear.

® ®

Listen again. Write the ingredients in the order you
hear them.

First Next Then Finally
butter

te Tell your partner how to make your favorite sandwich.

A: First, put some butter on a piece of bread.
B: How much butter?
A: About one spoon.

eeccccvcecesooe How do you make a banana milk shake? eceescccccceccces UNIT § coecccesscseves

2a What kind of traditional food do people eat on special holidays in China?

2b Read the article and number the pictures [1-5].

;

Thanksgiving in the United States

In most countries, people usually eat traditional food on special holidays.
A special day in the United States is
Thanksgiving. It is always on the fourth
Thursday in November, and is a time to give
thanks for food in the autumn. At this time,
people also remember the first travelers
from England who came to live in America
about 400 years ago. These travelers had a
long, hard winter, and many of them died.
In the next autumn, they gave thanks for
life and food in their new home. These days,
most Americans still celebrate this idea of
giving thanks by having a big meal at home
with their family. The main dish of this meal

is almost always turkey, a large bird.

Making a turkey dinner

Here is one way to make turkey for a

Thanksgiving dinner.

= First, mix together some bread pieces,
onions, salt and pepper.

=> Next, fill the turkey with this bread mix.

> Then, put the turkey in a hot oven and
cook it for a few hours.

= When it is ready, place the turkey on a
large plate and cover it with gravy.

> Finally, cut the turkey into thin pieces
and eat the meat with vegetables like
carrots and potatoes.

eccrccccvccces UNIT8 ceccccsccccccenccnacccnscccen ssn see cesses eee eeeeeeeaaeeeeeaenas

2c Read the article again and answer the following questions.
1. Where do people celebrate Thanksgiving?

2. When do people celebrate it?

3. Why do people celebrate it?

4. How do people celebrate it now?

5. What is the main dish of the Thanksgiving meal?

2d Here are the instructions for making a turkey dinner written in a
different way. Put them in order. Write First, Next, Then and Finally.

, Serve it to your friends with some vegetables.

, put this into the bird.

, cook it at a very high temperature for a long time.

, put everything you need together in a large bowl.

2e What do you think is the most special day in China? Answer the
following questions.

me

. When is this special day?
2. What are the reasons for this special day?
Do people give thanks for anything on this day?

Do people remember anything or anyone on this day?

多

How do most people celebrate this day?
4. Is there any traditional food?

What are the main dishes?
§. Can you make these dishes?

veeceoceesooseee How do YOU make a banana milk shake? eseeeccceccesecee UNIT 8 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

3a Read the recipe below and fill in the blanks with the words in the box.

cook next wash finally have enjoy first cut |

Yunnan Rice Noodles

In Yunnan, many people eat rice noodles for

breakfast, and even for lunch and dinner. To make 『
this special food, you need to ____ rice
noodles, chicken soup, chicken, lettuce and eggs. (Of course, you can also
have other things like fish and different vegetables.) ____,

the lettuce and cut it up. 5 the

chicken into pieces. Then, make the chicken soup very hot, over 100°C,
Then, —__ _ the eggs, meat and lettuce in

the pot of hot soup, one by one. _____, put
the rice noodles into the soup. Now, it’s time to

the rice noodles!

3b Think of a favorite food in your hometown. Make a list of ingredients.

ac Write a recipe for your favorite food. Use 3a and 3b to help you.

ee UNITS coccccccccccccccccvcccccensvcsccccesecceesceccceecscescccccccess

而 Make up a crazy recipe with your partner. Then tell another pair of
students how to make this crazy food. The other pair will draw it.

First, put some S
yogurt on a piece of bread. Then, cut °
up one apple and an onion and put
them on the yogurt ...

1 Number these instructions for making tomato and egg soup
in the correct order. Then complete the instructions with the
words in the box.

» mix everything together and serve it.
‘First 一 一
Next , cook for five minutes and add two eggs.
Then , cut up three tomatoes and put them into a pot.
Finally i

, add some water, sugar and salt.

2 Write questions and answers using the words in brackets.
1 Q: _
(how many/eggs/we/need/make/cake)
A;

(two)

2. Q:
(how much/milk/we/need)

A: 7 _ —

(three cups)
3.Q

(we/have to/add/sugar or honey)
A:
(yes/can/add/two spoons/honey)

Can you come to my party?

/~ Jenny, can you come tomy \ free ro AY
p on Saturday afternoon?

Language Goals:
Make, accept
and decline

invitations;
Talk about

obligations 1

I'm sorry, I can't.

have to help my,
parents.

fa Match the phrases with the pictures [a-e].

1. prepare foranexam_a_ 3. gotothedoctor __—s- S. havetthe flu __

2.help my parents 4.meet my friend

1b Listen and write the names (Tim, Kay, Anna and Wilson) next to the
correct students in the picture. |

You are the students in the picture. Student A, invite three students to
your party. Students B, C and D, give answers.

A: Can you come to my party on Saturday afternoon?
B: Sure, I’d love to.

C: Sorry, I can’t. I have to prepare for an exam.
D: I’m sorry, too. I must go to the doctor.

oo UNIT coccccccccccccccccvcccccrcccsescsscsccecccssseecccssesscsseccees

2a Listen and circle) can or can’t.

1. Jeff (can / an’) go to the party.

2. Mary (can / can’t) go to the party.

3. May (can / can’t) go to the party.

4. Mei Ling (can / can’t) go to the party.

5. Paul (can / can’t) go to the party.
< PG

=
2b Listen again. Who can’t go to the party? Why? Complete the chart.

Names | Reasons

2c Look at the reasons in the chart in 2b. Write some more. Then, Student A,
invite your partner to do something. Student B, say you can’t go and why.

A: Hey, Dave. Can you go to the movies
on Saturday?
= = _ B: I’m sorry. I’m not available. I have too
— | much homework this weekend.
A: That’s too bad. Maybe another time.
B: Sure, Joe. Thanks for asking.

1. too much homework |

2d Role-play the conversation.

Jeff: Hey, Nick, can you come to my house on
Saturday? My cousin Sam from Xi'an is
going to be here.

Nick: Oh, Sam! I remember we went bike riding
together last fall when he visited you.

Jeff: Yes, that’s right.

Nick: I’d love to come, but I’m afraid I can’t.

I have an exam on Monday so I must =
prepare for it.

Jeff: That's really too bad! Oh, but Sam isn’t leaving until next Wednesday. Can
you hang out with us on Monday night?

Nick: Sure! Catch you on Monday!

@

se eecescecoeeseCan yOu Come to my party? **seseeseececcescccensoncos UNIT9 -9

Sure, I'd love to.

_ Sorry, | must study for a math test.
Sure. That sounds great.
I'm afraid not. | have the flu.

Can you come to my party on Saturday?

Can you go to the movies tomorrow night?

Can he go to the party? _ No, he can't. He has to help his parents.
No, she’s not available. She must go to
i Can she go to the baseball game? the doctor.
， No, they're not free. They might have to
Can they go to the movies? es ainanataaate

3a Complete the answers 1. A What are you going to do on Saturday?

with might and one B: ’mnotsure.I might

of the phrases in the 2. A: What are you planning to do after school?
box. B: I don’t know.

eee sae 7 3. A: When will you finish the science homework?
+ watch TV Br -

1 on the weekend 4. A: Who are you going to the movies with?

1

i
' " 1
1 my cousin 1 B:
1 visit my grandparents 1 5. A: Are you free to come to my place on Saturday?
1 practice the violin 1 B:

wee eee a 二 =

3b Complete the sentences below. Use the words in brackets to help you.

1. Inviting: _ (can/play tennis)
Accepting:
2. Inviting; (would like to/go to the movies)
Refusing: WE of
Reason: (might have to)
3. Inviting: (can/hang out with us tonight)
Refusing: _ -
Reason: (must)
4. Inviting: (would like to/come to my birthday party)
Accepting:
ac Write down everything you have to MON
do next week. Choose a day and time =
to have a party. Then invite classmates TUE :
to your party. WED. |
A: Can you come to my party? THR. '
B: When is it? eel.
A: Next week, on Thursday night. SAT. |
B: I’m sorry. I have to study for a math test. | SUN. |

cccccccccccccs UNIT9 .oooooooosoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooosooosoosoi

1a Write the dates for this week on the calendar.

Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday
the _ the the the

Tuesday
the

Sunday
the

Monday
the

| the day after tomorrow weekday weekend

4c Ask and answer questions about the A: What's today?
days in 1a. B: It’s Monday the 14th.

Am

Listen. Can Vince play tennis with Andy? Circle) Yes or No.
Pp. ry? Circle’

Yes No

Vince’s activities Days
gotothedoctor a. today
study for a test b. tomorrow
have a piano lesson c. the day after tomorrow
look after his sister

MG) Listen again. Match Vince's activities with the days in 1d.

A: Hi, Vince. Can you play tennis with me?

Student A is Andy and B: When?

Student B is Vince. Andy,
invite Vince to play tennis.

A: Today.
B: Sorry, I can’t. 1...

&
peccesessscccces(Can YOU come to my party? ****eeeceeesccscoccccccoece UNIT 9 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

2a Make a list of the kinds of parties people have.
birthday party,

2b Read the messages quickly. Why did the people write them? Match the
reason with each message.

1. accept an invitation 2. make an invitation 3, turn down an invitation

Message

New | | Reply [Forward | Delete | Print Move to E
Hi David,
What a great idea! I really like Ms. Steen a lot. She helped me to improve my
English so much. I’m sad to see her go, and this party is the best way to say
“Thank you and goodbye.” I can help to buy some of the food and drinks. I

can also help to bring Ms. Steen to the party. I already have a great idea about
how to do that. ©

He Wei

Hi David,

* Thanks so much for planning this. I'd love to come to the party, but I’m not
available. My family is taking a trip to Wuhan at the end of this month to visit
my aunt and uncle. However, I'd still be glad to help out with any of the party
preparations, like planning the games. Let me know if you need my help.

Jake

| Dear classmates,
As I’m sure you know by now, our favorite teacher, Ms. Steen, is leaving
soon to go back to the US. We're very sad that she’s leaving because she is a
fun teacher. To show how much we're going to miss her, let’s have a surprise
party for her next Friday the 28th!
Can you come to the party? If so, can you help with any of these things?
Please tell me by this Friday.
1) Buy food and drinks.
2) Think of games to play.
3) Prepare things we need for the games (glue,
paper, pens, ...).
4) Bring Ms. Steen to the party without telling
her so that she can be surprised.
I look forward to hearing from you all.

David

peccescoccccce UNIT9 coccccccccccccccccnccccccscccrccccceeecssesneccsssesesscceseceas

2c Read the messages again and answer the questions.
1, What kind of party is it?

2. Who is the party for?

3. When is the party?

4. Who did David invite to the party?

5. What can people do at the party?

Complete the invitation with words and phrases from the messages on

g

page 69.
We are planning a housewarming at our new house this
Saturday. Can you ? Our house is at 2 London Road.
We are serving and from 7:30 p.m. Please
____your friends and family. A
partyismore ————_—swwith more
people! Pleaseletus iby
Wednesday youcan come to

the party. Hope you can make it!

2e Imagine one of your favorite teachers is leaving. Plan a party for him/
her. Answer the questions with a partner.
1, Why is he/she one of your favorite teachers?
2. What do you want to say to him/her?
3. When is the best time to have the party?
4. Where can you have the party?
5. What kind of food will there be?
. What kind of drinks would you like to serve?
. Who will come to the party?
. What activities will there be at the party?

oon Nn

. How can you make the party a surprise for your teacher?

70
se eeveeceseseseCan YOU COMe to My Party? eetereeeccesecessccccceecos UNIT9 .oo

3a Read the invitation and answer the questions.

Dear Parents,

I would like to invite you to the opening of our new library
at No. 9 High School. The opening will be on the morning
of Wednesday, January 8th at 9:00. After this, you can enjoy
our school concert. Then lunch will be in the school hall at
12:00. I would also like to invite each parent to bring one
book as a gift for the new library. Please reply in writing to
this invitation by Friday, December 20th.

Larry Smith
Headmaster

Re

. Who is making the invitation?

2. What is the invitation for?

3. When will the event happen?

4 What will happen after this?

5. Do parents have to bring anything?

6. How should people reply to this invitation, and when?

3b Write an invitation to a party or any other event. Reply to your partner’s
invitation. If you turn down the invitation, give a good reason.

Ee
Use the following
words and phrases:

Include the following information:
+ kind of party or event

， ioe ; would like to
* when and where it will be

* if guests should bring anything

* if guests should reply to the invitation

will be
after this
please

* when and how guests should reply ;
reply

ecccccccccccce UNIT 9 cccccccccccccncscccccsvnsccccscvcscccccencccccccccsseecsesseees

a Student A, look ce your Student A’s Calendar
calendar on the right. ani FRIDAY
Student B, look at yours Rastineeed Dard hol
站 。 aytime: schoo! aytime: schoo!
on page 81. Find a time Evening: Susans party
when you can both go -
shopping. TUESDAY ~~ |_____ SATURDAY
i : : Daytime: school Morning: play tennis with
A: Can you go shopping with me Evening: study for math Dad
next week? test Afternoon: do homework
B: Sure, I'd love to. When? =
A: Well, what are you going to do Ee = —
on Monday evening? Daytime: school Morning: visit soaront
. grandparents
B: I must study for the English 7 Evening: go to a concert
test. What about Tuesday THURSDAY
evening? Daytime: school

Evening: help parents

1 Fillin the blanks in the conversation.

A: Hi, Peter. _youcometomyparty __—_—sthe weekend?
B:Sure, loveto.

A: How about Jenny?

C:I'mafraidI_ lL _tolook after my little cousin.

A: you come, Jeff?

D:I beable to,butI’mnotsure. —__let you know tomorrow.

2 You get these invitations but can’t go. Write a refusal and a
reason.

1. Invitation: “Can you come to my party on Saturday?”

Reply:

2. Invitation: “Let’s go to the movies tomorrow night.”

| Reply:

| 3. Invitation: “Let’s go to the concert on the weekend.”
Reply:

| 4, Invitation: “Do you want to go shopping with me next week?”
| Reply:

| $. Invitation: “Can you play soccer with me after school today?”
Reply:  _ |

Unit 10

If you go to the party, you ll

have a great time!

Language Goal:
Talk about

consequences

go to the party
=e) \, with Karen and 及

ta Match the statements with the pictures [a-d].

Statements | Responses
1. I think I'll wear jeans to the party. Ifyou do, the teachers won't
2.___I think T'll stay at home. | Ifyou do, you'll
3.___ I think I'll take the bus to the party. lifyou do, you'll
4

[think I'll go to the party with Karen
and Anna.

| Ifyou do, you'll _

一
1b Listen and complete the responses in la.

A: Are you going to the party tomorrow night?
B: Yes, lam.

A: Who will you go with?

B: I think I’ll go with Karen and Anna.

A: If you do, you'll have a great time.

fe Look at the pictures
above and make
conversations.
asoessessees UNIT 10 cccccccccconsccccccccenscescserssscnsseesesscesccseraessesseense

‘nn a
> Listen and circle) the correct answers to
complete the sentences.

1, The students are talking about when to have 图
(a class party / a class meeting / a birthday party).

2. They plan to have it on (Friday evening / f
Saturday afternoon / Saturday evening).

2b. Listen again. Choose the correct short answer in the box to answer each
question.
half the class won’t come some students will be bored make some food
students willleave early the party games
1. What will happen if they have the party today?
Half the class won't come.
. What will happen if they have the party tomorrow?

wv

. What will happen if they watch a video at the party?

Ww

4. What will Mark organize? :

5. What will Nelly do?

2c Role-play a conversation between Nelly and Mark.

A: OK, when is a good time to have the party?
B: Let’s have it today.

A: Hmm. If we have it today, half the class won't come.

2d Role-play the conversation.

Jeff: Hey, Ben. For the party next week, should we ask
people to bring food?

Ben: No, let’s order food from a restaurant. If we ask
people to bring food, they'll just bring potato chips
and chocolate because they'll be too lazy to cook.

Jeff: OK. For the games, do you think we should give
people some small gifts if they win?

Ben: I think that’s a great idea! If we do that, more people

will want to play the games.
Jeff: Yes, the games will be more exciting, too.

74)
erecescccescosse lf you go to the party, you'll have a great time! seccccccccos UNIT 10 coessccscesece

| think I'll take the bus to the party. If you do, you'll be late.

| think I'll stay at home. If you do, you'll be sorry.
What will happen if they have the If they have it today, half the class won't
party today? come.

If we ask people to bring food, they'll just

i ?
Should we ask people to bring food? bring otatoxchips and chocolate.

3a Fill in the blanks with the correct forms of the verbs in brackets.

Dear Su Mei, |

Idont _ ___ (know) what to
party tomorrow night. My parents _

(do) about going to Mike’s birthday
(think) I should study for my

English exam next week. If] === (go) tothe party, they (be)
upset.Mike ———__ (tell) us to wear nice clothes, but I don’t
(have) any. If1 (wear) jeans, I

(look) the worst. Also, I’m not surehowto
(go) tothe party. If] = (walk), it

(take) me too long. If __ (take) a taxi, it

__ (be) too expensive. Can you give me some

' advice please?

| Tina
Leen, een -一 人 一 一、 LL 二

3b Complete the sentences using your own ideas.

1. If] get up late tomorrow,

2. If I don’t finish my homework,

3. If I don’t get enough exercise,

4. I will not have enough time to study if

5. Iwill not make any friends if

3c Write a story with your group on a piece of paper. The first person
begins the story with “I think I will ...” The others add sentences with
“if”. Pass the paper around twice. Then read the story.

I think I will go to the movies tonight. If I go to the movies, I won't finish
my homework. If I don't finish my homework ...

75 |
roccccesccccce UNIT 10 cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccsccss cece sence ese e ee eseeeeseneeeene

ta Which of the things below are the most important
to you? Circle) three things.

| ___ be happy _ travel around the world
| __ go to college make a lot of money
四 be famous get an education

1b Listen. Look at the list in 1a. Write A before each thing the soccer agent
talks about and P before each thing Michael's parents talk about.

—
4c Listen again. Complete the sentences.

1. If you join the Lions, c_ a. you'll be famous.

2. IfyoubecomeaLion, __ b. I’ll never do it.

3. And if you work really hard, Sc. you’ become a great soccer player.
4. Ifyou become a soccer player, __d. you'll never go to college.

5. ButifI don’t do thisnow, e. you'll travel around the world.

A: What do you think I should do?
1d Student A is Michael. Student Can you give me some advice?
B is his friend. Student B, give B: I think you should go to college.
Student A advice. A: But if I go to college, I’ll never
become a great soccer player.

76.
seeccccccceeeeelf you go to the party, you'll have a great time! cccvccccccee UNIT 10 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

What kinds of things do you worry about? Who do you usually go to for
help?

2b Lookat the statements and then read the passage quickly. Which statement
expresses the main idea of the passage?

a. If people have problems, they should
get advice from an expert. c. If people have problems, they should
keep them to themselves.

b. If people have problems, they should
talk to other people.

|
Students these days often have alot of worries. |

Sometimes they have problems with their |
schoolwork, and sometimes with their
friends. What can they do about this?
Some people believe the worst thing is to

do nothing. Laura Mills, a teenager from = - 了
London, agrees. “Problems and worries are normal in life,” says Laura. “But
I think talking to someone helps a lot. Unless we talk to someone, we'll

certainly feel worse.”

Laura once lost her wallet, and worried for days. She was afraid to tell her
parents about it. She even walked three miles to school each day because she |
didn’t have any money. She just kept thinking, “If] tell my parents, they'll be
angry!” In the end, she talked to her parents and they were really understanding.
Her dad said he sometimes made careless mistakes himself. They got her a
new wallet and asked her to be more careful. “I will always remember to share

my problems in the future!” Laura says.

Robert Hunt advises students about common problems. He feels the same
way as Laura. “It is best not to run away from our problems. We should always
try to solve them.” He thinks the first step is to find someone you trust to talk
to. This person doesn't need to be an expert like himself. Students often forget
that their parents have more experience, and are always there to help them. In
English, we say that sharing a problem is like cutting it in half. So you're halfway
to solving a problem just by talking to someone about it!

a= ~ PAV _ |

aa

ig OE OE = —— _

(77)

eo cccnncncccee UNIT 10 cccccccccccccnncccccccccccccececcccsee se sesesereceseacncccseecns

2c Read the passage again and answer the questions. Discuss your answers
with a partner.

1, What is the worst thing to do if you have a problem?

2. Why didn’t Laura want to tell her parents about her lost wallet?

3. What is the first thing you should do when you want to solve a problem?

4. Why can our parents give us good advice about our problems?

2d Fill in the blanks with the phrases in the box. discuss your problems |
tell her parents

Students often have a lot of problems and worries. Laura unless you talk

Mills thinks the worst thing is - away from

talk to someone |

She thinks you'll feel worse if you don’t 7 | |
share her problems

____ about your problems. Laura to do nothing

remembers that she once lost her wallet and was afraid
to _ _ about it. Now she believes you cannot feel better
___ to someone. She says she will always

in the future. Robert Hunt agrees with Laura. He thinks you should not

_your problems, but you should

| try to solve them. If you cannot talk to an expert like

| Robert, youcan ___ with your

| parents because they have a lot of experience.

2e Ask three students the following questions. Take notes of their answers.

1. What problems do you have with schoolwork?

2. Who do you talk to about these problems and why?

3. Who else can you get advice from?

4. Do you always tell your parents about your problems? Why or why not?

5. Do you ever give advice to your friends about their problems? What advice
do you give?

e
1eececeeecesoorelf you go to the party, you'll have a great time! eeeeseeeee e UNIT 10 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

w
)

Talk to someone you know. Find out his/her three biggest worries. Try
to think of some solutions to the problems and write them down.

t

Problems Possible solutions

3b Write about your friend’s first problem and the possible solutions. Use
the structures below to help you plan your writing.

My friend _ _____hasa problem.
He/She

I think he/she should

If he/she _ A
he/she will

Be Nowwrite your advice for your friend’s second and third problems.
Use the structures in 3b to help you.

My friend also has two other problems.
sse UNIT 10 ccccccccccvcccccsceecvcenccscesceseeeccceeesenseeccceseeescccses

@ Your school is taking part in the project “We Can Help!” Add more
items to the poster. Then talk about what you will do if you take part in

the project. :
We Can Help!
A: What will you do if you visit ~ « old people's home visit
an old people’s home? + school clean-up
8: IfIdo that, ll bring the old ff + childrenshospitalvisit,
people some flowers.
1 Fillin the blanks with the words in the box. meeting
Lf my family travels to a new country this summer, I’ll | teenagers
sendyoualetteraboutmy ——t. video
2. Will you watch the _with me ifyou're free experience
this weekend? —
| 3. Ifthe _ stay out too late, their parents will worry about them.
|4. Tl go to the __ ifit ends by 5:00 p.m.

2 Complete the conversation with the words in the box. Some
words are used more than once.

=
| 1 ， A: Hi, Sally. you __ to the party tomorrow?
; OBI to, but I can’t.
A: Oh! But you don’t go to the party, you
miss all the fun!

B: Iknow, butI gotintoa_——_— with my parents.
A: Hmm... then you should just say to your parents.
B: I guess you're right. I talk to them tonight. |

3 Use your imagination! What will you do if...

1. it rains all weekend?

| 2. there's an English test tomorrow?

3. your cousin decides to come and visit from another town?

80
co occcccvecsccsvcccccecececesssccccccvccccccccccooes Additional Material。。。。。。。。。。。。。。，

Additional Material

Unit 3, Section A, activity 2c

«+ Note:

*** means Sam is smarter than Tom.

Sam

Tom

run fast

get up early

tee or

funny -_ | :
hard-working |

thin e |
|

friendly |

Unit 9, Section B, activity 4

MONDAY

Daytime: school
Evening: study for English test

TUESDAY

Daytime: school

Student B’s Calendar

FRIDAY
Daytime: school
Evening: look after cousin
SATURDAY

Afternoon: go to the dentist
Evening: do homework

WEDNESDAY

Daytime: school
Evening: cousin's birthday party

THURSDAY

Daytime: school
Evening: go to a movie with Sally

____ SUNDAY

Morning: piano lesson
Evening: help parents

coccccccsvcces Notes On the Text sccsccccccccccccccccvcccsvvccecesevecccessssassesescess

Notes on the Text

Unit 1 Where did you go on vacation?
1. Central Park 中 央 公园 〈 美国 织 约 )

中 大公 园 位 于 美国 纽约 中 心 的 曼哈顿 地 区 ， 是 纠 约 最 大 的 都 市 公园 ， 四 季 缘 有 不 同 的
美丽 景 歼 ， 独 章 纽 约 “后 花园 ”之 美称 。 它 不 仅 是 纽约 市 民心 目 中 的 休闲 胜地 .也 是 进 界
各 地 游客 向 往 的 昔 名 公园 。

2. Did you buy anything special? 你 买 了 什么 特别 的 东西 吗 ?

在 英 诸 中 ，anything, something, nothing 和 everything 是 用 于 指 代 事物 的 复合 不
定 代词 ， 与 之 相对 应 的 复合 不 定 代 词 anyone someone, no one fil everyone ( anybody,
somebody, nobody fil everybody) 用 于 指 人 。 与 尼 容 词 连用 时 ， 形 容 词 必须 置 于 复合 不
定 代词 之 后 ， 请 法 上 称 作 “后 置 " ， 例 如 :

I can see someone new in your group. 我 看 出 你 们 小 组 中 有 新 人 。

Theres nothing interesting in the news today. 今天 的 新 闻 果 没有 什么 有 趣 的 内 容 。

3. Penang Hill ( 槟 城山 ) 和 Weld Quay( weer )
槟 城山 位 于 马来西亚 槟 城 岛 ， 距离 中 心 城区 乔治 市 (Georgetown) “64H, END
EB 830K,

TR (giGn ) GEOR CESS RUA, ROA sets, ASL
FRED. WR PLEMENT EET.
4. What a difference a day makes! -KWZFEZAAYF!

这 是 一 个 感叹 句 ， 因 为 强调 名 词 ， 所 以 句 首 用 what。 又 如 :

What a lovely day! 多 么 好 的 一 天 啊 !

What nice people they are! 他 们 是 多 么 好 的 人 呀 !
5. And because of the bad weather, we couldn't see anything below. Jf [LIA HENS
AA, JE PAPER AL.

because of 和 because 均 为 “因为 ”的 意思 ， 两 者 区 别 在 于 前 者 是 短语 介词 ， 后 面 可
接 名 词 、 代 词 或 名 词性 成 分 ， 而 后 者 是 连词 ， 后 面 接 句 子 。 试 比较 :

I can’t come to your party, Denny, because I’m going away this weekend. 丹 尼 ， 我 参
加 不 了 你 的 聚会 啦 ， 因 为 这 个 周末 我 外 出 不 在 。( because 之 后 为 句子 )

We can't play basketball outside today because of the rain. HRA, RASA
法 在 室外 打 篮 球 了 。( because of 之 后 为 名 词 )

下
oe
seoeeoeoooeoooeosooooooooooeoeoo ooo。 oo。 eseccecceeees Notes on the Text 。.。。。。

They are here all because of you! 他 们 来 这 儿 全 帮 是 因为 你 呀 ! (because of 之 后 为
代词 )

Unit2 How often do you exercise?
1. Howcome? 为 什么 呢 ? ( 怎么 会 呢 ? )
这 是 英语 口语 中 的 一 个 习 诸 ， 相 当 于 汉语 “为 什么 ;怎么
， 也 可 在 其 后 接 句 子 ， 用 米 询问 事情 的 缘由 或 状况 例如 :
How come the sky is so blue today? 今天 天 怎么 会 这 么 蓝 ?
A: I didn’t even eat lunch today. 我 今天 其 至 没有 吃 中 饭 ，
B: Really? How come? 是 吗 ? 怎么 会 呢 ?
2. swing dance HEME
PSE BE Pe — Fh, PI 20 thee SL Se, ADT 1 SSE].
听 到 这 种 音乐 ， 人 们 不禁 会 随 着 它 的 节奏 和 前 律 摆动 身体 ， 故 而 得 名 。
3. The answers to our questions about watching television were also interesting. 对
我 们 提出 的 有 关 看 电视 的 问题 的 回答 也 颇 有 意思 .
1) 此 名 的 基本 意思 是 The answers were also interesting， 主 语 the answers 为 复数 ，
故 使 用 were，
2) 请 注意 本 名 中 answer 和 question 两 个 名 词 后 的 介词 搭配 表示 “…… 的 答案 ”
IN}, answer 后 区 用 介 亲 to， 这 是 一 种 固定 的 措 配 。 又 如 :
Theres no easy answer to this problem. 这 个 问题 没有 简单 的 答案 。
Her answer to your question is a big “NO”! 她 对 你 所 提问 题 的 回答 就 是 一 个 大 大 的
“不 ” 字 !
名 词 question 后 则 往往 搭配 介词 about， 天 示 “ 有 关 ……' 的 (问题 六 。 例如:
He asked us some questions about our daily habits. 他 问 了 一 些 有 关 我 们 日 常 习惯
的 问题 。
Her questions about you were not so friendly. 她 有 关 你 的 那些 问题 并 不 那么 友善 .
4. Although many students like to watch sports, game shows are the most popular.
虽然 许多 学 生 膏 欢 观 看 体育 节目 ， 但 游戏 类 节目 却 是 最 受 欢 迎 的 :
although 是 英语 中 的 一 个 连词 ， 意 为 “虽然 ; 尽管 。 在 英语 表达 习惯 中 ， 当 表示
“虽然 ……… ， 但 是 ……… ”这 样 的 意思 时 ，although 是 不 和 Put 在 同一 个 句子 中 使 用 的 。 也
就 是 说 ， 在 同一 个 句子 中 ,有 although 就 没有 but， 反 之 亦 然 。 例 如
Although the car is old, it still runs well. (= The car is old, but it still runs well.) 尽管
这 辆 小 车 日 了 ， 但 是 依然 跑 得 不 错 :
I don’t want to go to bed, although it’s past midnight. (= It’s past midnight, but I

np
a
证
ican
a
rll
a
=

om

=?
coccccccsvoccs Notes on the Text cocccreccccccvcccccccccccsccecccssscsccscccscsccessccce

don’t want to go to bed.) 虽然 现在 已 过 半夜 12 点 了 ， 但 我 却 不 想 睡 觉 。
5. Old habits die hard. 旧 习 难 改 。

这 是 英语 中 的 一 句 谚语 , 用 来 说 明 习 惯 一 旦 养 成 ， 并 非 朝 儿 可 以 改变 ， 其 中 ，die
hard an “CIR. SEE) 难以 改变 ; 根深 蒂 固 ”。 在 本 名 中 ，hard 用 作 副 词 ， 表 示
“费力 地 ; 艰难 地 ; 努力 地 ”， 又 如 :

It is important to work hard but we must also have time to relax. 努 力 地 工作 是 重要
的 ， 但 我 们 也 必须 有 时 间 放 松 。

6. So start exercising before it’s too late! 所 以 赶快 锻炼 起 来 ， 不 要 等 到 来 不 及 了 !

it’s too late 的 字面 意思 是 “为 时 太 晚 ; 来 不 及 了 ”， 是 英语 的 一 个 常用 表达 。 例 如 :

Now you know you're wrong, but it’s too late. 现在 你 知道 你 错 了 ， 但 是 已 经 太 晚 了 。

此 处 its too late 与 before 共 同 组 成 从 句 ， 表 示 “ 不 要 等 到 为 时 已 晚 ; 不 要 等 到 来 不 及
的 时 候 ; 趁 着 还 来 得 及 " 。 这 也 是 一 种 常见 的 用 法 ， 例 如 :

You should work harder before it’s too late to catch up. 你 应 当 更 加 用 功 ， 别 等 到 为 时
过 晚 而 赶不上 了 。( 你 现在 用 功 还 赶 得 上 。)

Unit3 I’m more outgoing than my sister.
1, That’s Tara, isn’t it? 那 是 塔 拉 ， 对 吗 ?

此 句 是 在 Thats Tara. 这 一 陈述 之 后 添加 了 一 个 附着 的 简略 疑问 结构 ， 用 以 进行 确认 。
通常 情况 下 ， 若 陈述 部 分 为 肯定 ， 便 用 否定 形式 进行 提问 ; 若 陈述 部 分 为 否定 ， 便 用 肯定
形式 进行 提问 。 又 如 ，

Theres someone in the room, isn't there? 房间 里 有 人 ， 是 吧 ?

He didn’t say anything at the meeting, did he? 他 在 会 上 什么 也 没 说 ， 对 吗 ?

We can't say it this way, can we? 我 们 不 能 这 样 说 ， 对 不 对 ?

2. That’s why I like reading books and I study harder in class. 这 便 是 我 喜欢 看 书 而 且
在 班 上 学 习 更 加 努力 的 原因 。

Thats why … 可 视 为 一 个 固定 的 句 式 ， 表 示 “ 这 便 是 为 什么 …… ; 这 就 是 .…… 的
原因 ”，wby 的 后 面 一 般 接 句子 。 又 如 :

That’s why he was late this morning. 这 就 是 他 今天 早上 迟到 的 原因 。

3. ... you don’t need a lot of them as long as they’re good.( 朋友 ) 不 在 多 而 贵 在 好 。

此 句 话 的 字面 意 吕 是 “只 要 朋友 好 ， 你 并 不 需要 许多 "， 实 则 表达 了 汉语 “《 朋友 ) 不
在 多 而 贵 在 好 ”这 样 的 意思 。 这 是 本 课 诸 句 表达 深层 含义 的 又 一 个 例子 。 此 句 中 as long
as 是 一 个 短语 连词 ， 用 来 引导 条 件 状 语 从 句 ， 表 示 “ 只 要 ……'”。 又 如 :

We can talk about this as long as you want. 只 要 你 想 ( 谈 )， 我 们 就 可 以 谈 谈 这 事 。

It’s fine as long as you're happy. 只 要 你 高 兴 就 好 。

&

ee oo oo Notes on the Text esccccccccccce

4. I don’t really care if my friends are the same as me or different. 我 并 不 十 分 在 乎 我
AYA ACER RPE SANA

此 名 中 站 不 是 “如 果 ” 的 意思 ， 而 是 “是 否 ” 的 意思 。 另 外 ,， 半 之 后 所 引导 的 句子 是
主 名 Idontreally care 的 谓语 动词 care MIB, WAKE “RIB”, Man:

Idontt care ifhe likes it or not 一 I'm coming! 我 不 管 他 喜欢 还 是 不 喜欢 一 一 我 会 来 的 !

Can you tell me if I’m right, Mr. Green? 格林 先生 ， 您 能 告诉 我 我 是 否 正确 吗 ?
5. A true friend reaches for your hand and touches your heart. 一 个 真正 的 朋友 是 在
需要 时 给 你 帮助 ， 使 你 感动 ，

此 名 中 的 hand 和 heart 超 出 了 字面 意思 “ 手 ” 和 “ 心 ”，hand 已 引申 为 “帮助 ; 援
HW”, ，heart 则 为 “情感 ， 感受 ”之 意 。 例 如 :

Can you give me a hand? 你 能 帮 有 我 一 把 吗 ?

‘The movie touched the hearts of all the people at the cinema. 这 部 电影 令 所 有 在 场 的
观众 动容 。

此 处 可 将 reach for your hand 伸手 帮 你 一 把 ) 和 touch your heart( 打动 你 的 心 ; +
你 感动 ) 作为 整体 来 记忆 并 运用 。
6. I know she cares about me because she’s always there to listen. 我 知道 她 关心 我 ，
因为 她 随时 都 能 够 听 我 倾诉 。

be there 表 示 “ 在 别人 需要 帮助 时 ， 时 刻 准 备 伸手 相助 ”， 也 可 译 为 “ 随 叫 随 到 ;不
离 ……' 左 右 ”。 此 结构 之 后 还 可 以 接 forsomebody。 例 如 :

My parents were always there for me when I was growing up. 在 我 成 长 的 过 程 中 ,我
的 父母 总 是 随时 给 予 我 帮助 。

She didn’t worry too much because she knew he would always be there for her. 她 并
不 是 太 担心 ， 因 为 她 知道 他 总 是 会 随时 施 以 援手 的 。
7. My best friend helps to bring out the best in me. 我 最 好 的 朋友 ( 能 够 ) 帮 有 我 激发 出
自己 的 所 能 .

bring out 是 一 个 习 语 ， 意 思 是 “使 显现 ;使 表现 出 ”。bring out the best/worst in
someone 意 为 “把 某 人 最 好 (或 最 坏 ) 的 一 面 表现 或 显露 出 来 " 。 又 如 :

In a basketball or soccer game, it’s important for the players to play together and
bring out the best in each other. 在 篮球 或 足球 比赛 中 ， 队 员 们 密切 协作 ， 使 大 伙 儿 都 发 挥
到 极致 是 很 重要 的 。

Unit4 What’s the best movie theater?
1. Who’s Got Talent? iff 44?
此 句 中 whos 为 who has 之 缩写 。have got#m “HA; 具备 ”之 意 ， 相 当 于 have。

85
we。 seececee Notes on the Text 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。ooooesoooooessooeooeooooeossooesooseeoooo。，

例如 :

Have you got time? I’ve got something important to tell you. 你 现在 有 空 吗 ? 我 有 重
要 的 事 要 告诉 你 。

We've got a lot of work to do, you see, to make our town more beautiful. 你 们 了 瞧 ， 我
们 要 把 我 们 的 城市 变 得 更 加 美丽 的 话 ， 是 有 很 多 工作 要 做 的 。
2. That’s up to you to decide. 那 由 你 自己 来 决定 。

在 英语 中 ，be up to somebody 是 一 个 习惯 用 语 ， 用 来 表示 “由 某 人 做 出 抉择 ”"， 句 子
的 主语 通常 为 过 ， 有 时 也 用 this 或 that。 例 如 :

You can join the club once or twice a week — it’s up to you. 你 可 以 一 周 参加 一 次 或
两 次 俱乐部 的 活动 一 这 由 你 定 。

How much should he pay? Thats up to him to decide! 他 应 该 付 多 少 钱 ? 那 完全 由 他
来 决定 。
3. When people watch the show, they usually play a role in deciding the winner. 人
(NARRATE, REO fi £6.

play a role 是 一 种 固定 表达 ， 意 为 “扮演 基 一 角色 ; 起 到 某 种 作用 ”。 若 杰 进 一 步 引 出
具体 的 内 容 ， 后 面 应 用 介 尊 让， 表示 “在 某 事 或 某 个 方面 起 到 作用 或 承担 某 种 角色 " 。 例 如 ，

John is playing the leading role in this year’s play. 今年 的 演出 中 约翰 是 主角 。

Schools play the most important role in education. 学 校 在 教育 中 起 着 最 为 重要 的
作用 。
4. However, if you don’t take these shows too seriously, they are fun to watch. 但 是
WARM AMEE CME, EMEA.

take 在 此 处 有 consider( 认为 ; 觉得 ) 的 意思 。take someone/something seriously iit
相当 于 汉语 “认真 对 待 某 人 或 某 事 ; 把 某 人 或 某 事 当真 ”的 意思 。 又 如 :

He was joking, but your sister took him seriously. 他 是 在 开玩笑 ， 但 你 姐姐 却 (把 他 )

当真 了 。

Sometimes teachers take students’ homework too seriously. 有 时 老师 们 把 学 生 作业
看 得 太 重 。
5. There is something for everyone at Greenwood Park. 在 绿 木 公园 每 个 人 都 可 以 找
到 适合 自己 的 东西

1) Greenwood Park 为 公园 名 ， 既 可 意译 为 “ 绿 木 公 园 ”， 也 可 音译 为 “格林 伍德 公
园 ” 。 在 此 我 们 采用 意译 。

2) 在 上 面 的 句子 中 ， 不 定 代词 something 指 的 是 人 们 在 公园 中 可 以 根据 自己 的 需求 或
爱好 找到 各 自 喜 欢 的 东西 。 该 句 还 可 译 为 : 在 绿 木 公 园 ， 每 个 人 都 会 找到 各 自 的 所 爱 。

《DB
Co cocerecrcccccocccscceccccccesecccesccosnccseccsosess Notes on the Text 。。。。。。。。。。。。。

Unit 5 Do you want to watch a game show?
1. Ilove soap operas. 我 爱 看 肥皂 剧 。

中 文 多 将 soap opera 译 作 “肥皂 剧 ”， 这 是 西方 广播 及 电视 节目 中 以 家 庭 问题 为 主要
内 容 的 一 种 连续 剧 形 式 。

2， The man behind Mickey was Walt Disney. 米 老鼠 的 幕后 之 人 便 是 沃尔特 ' 迪斯尼 。

沃尔特 ' 迪斯尼 (1901—1966 ) 是 美国 著名 动画 大 师 、 企 业 家 、 导 演 及 电影 制 片
人 ， 他 创建 了 举世 闻名 的 “迪斯尼 公司 ”， 他 笔下 的 米 老鼠 使 他 一 举 成 名 ， 他 还 制作 出 诸
如 《白雪 公主 和 七 个 小 矮人 》《 人 小鹿 班 比 洲 《小 飞 侠 》 等 大 量 优秀 动画 影片 。 影 视 事业 成
功 后 ， 他 又 创建 了 可 供 人 们 尽情 欢乐 的 “迪斯尼 乐园 ”。
3. However, he was always ready to try his best. 然而 ， 他 总 是 准备 好 去 尽 其 所 能 。

1) 此 句 中 的 always 表 示 一 种 长 期 的 行为 ， 和 形容 词 ready 连 用 ， 构 成 短语 always
ready todo something， 表 示 “ 总 是 准备 好 做 基 事 ; 总 是 乐意 / 愿意 做 某 事 ”。 又 如 ;

She was always ready to listen to my problems. 她 总 是 愿意 倾听 我 的 烦恼 。

Don't worry. I’m always ready to help you. Just ask, OK? 别 担 心 ， 我 随时 愿意 帮 你 。
只 要 说 一 声 ， 好 吧 ?

2 ) 英语 中 tryonesbest 是 一 种 固定 表达 方式 ， 表 示 “ 尽 力 ; 竭尽 全 力 ”的 意思 。 例 如 ，

He didn’t try his best in the game, I’m afraid, 我 恐怕 他 在 比赛 中 没有 竭尽 全 力 。

4. 动画 片 Steamboat Willie (《 威 利 号 汽船 》)

《 威 利 号 汽船 》 是 美国 一 部 著名 的 动画 短片 (1928 年 出 品 )。 在 这 部 电影 中 ， 迪 斯 尼
创作 的 著名 卡通 人 物 米 老鼠 ( Mickey ) 首次 正式 与 世界 观众 见面 。 在 世界 动画 电影 中 ，
《 威 利 号 汽船 》 有 着 特殊 而 重要 的 意义 ， 被 视 为 经 典 传奇 。

5. … Mickey became the first cartoon character to have a star on the Hollywood
Walk of Fame. …… 米 若 鼠 成 为 在 好 莱 坞 星光 大 道上 拥有 一 颗 星 星 的 第 一 个 卡通 形象 。

1) 此 名 中 to have a star 用 作 定 语 ， 修 饰 the first cartoon character.

2 ) 好 莱 坞 星光 大 道上 镶 有 2 000 多 个 带 有 名 人 姓名 的 星 形 奖章 ， 以 纪念 他 们 对 娱乐
业 的 贡献 。

6. Today’s cartoons are usually not so simple as little Mickey Mouse, but everyone
still knows and loves him. 现在 的 卡通 片 通常 不 再 像 米 老鼠 那样 简单 ， 但 大 家 依然 知道 并
BROKER.

not so/as ... a8 .结构 表示 “不 像 ……, 那 样 .……. ; 不 如 .……: 这 人 委 :… LUM

It wasn't so good as last time. 这 次 不 如 上 次 好 。

It’s not so easy as you'd think. 这 不 像 你 想 的 那么 容易 。

eccccccesccsee Notes On the Text occcecccccccccccccccsccscccccccccsscccesscsceccscocecs

Unit6 I’m going to study computer science.
1. The Old Man and the Sea by Hemingway. 海明威 的 《老人 与 海 》。

1) 此 处 介词 by 为 “由 ……… 所 著 ” 之 意 。 再 如 : a short story by Lu Xun ( 鲁迅 的 一 篇
短篇 小 说 )，the music by Mozart ( 莫扎特 写 的 音乐 ) paintings by Van Gogh ( 楚 高 的 绘
画 ) 等 。

2) Hemingway ( 海明威 ，1899 一 1961 ) 是 世界 知名 的 美国 现代 作家 ， 曾 于 1954 年
获得 诺 贝 尔 文学 奖 。

3 )《 老 人 与 海 》 是 海明威 著名 的 代表 作 之 一 ， 故 事 采 用 叙事 文学 形式 ， 弘 扬 了 人 类 迎
接 挑战 及 勇敢 面 对 失 败 的 英雄 主义 气概 ， 成 为 文学 经 典 之 作 。

2. Then you can be anything you want! 那么 你 就 能 当 上 你 想 做 的 人 了 。

此 句 的 基本 意思 是 you can be anything， 不 定 代词 anything 指 代 未 来 所 从 事 的 某 一
职业 ，you want 用 来 修饰 anything。

3. Some resolutions have to do with better planning, .有 些 决 定 与 合理 的 规划 相

1) 此 句 中 的 planning 为 名 词 ， 表 示 “ 计 划 ; 规划 ”等 意思 ， 如 city Planning( 城市
规划 ) 等 。 英语 中 better planning 类 似 汉语 中 的 “合理 规划 ”， 指 通过 制订 计划 更 有 效 地
达到 目的 。

2 )haveto do with 这 个 结构 表示 “与 …… 相 关 ; 与 …… 有 关联 或 有 关系 " 。 例 如 :

What does this problem have to do with what we're learning today? 这 道 题 跟 我 们 今
天 所 学 的 内 容 有 什么 关系 ?

4. Sometimes the resolutions may be too difficult to keep. 有 时 这 些 决 定 可 能 会 太 难
而 无 法 实现 。

1) 此 处 情态 动词 may 表 示 推 测 ， 相 当 于 汉语 的 “可 能 ; 或许， 大概 ”之 意 。 又 如 :

You may be right this time, but I’m not sure. 这 一 次 你 或 许 是 对 的 ， 但 我 无 法 确定 。

2) 英语 中 too … to … 是 一 种 固定 结构 ， 表 示 “ 太 …'…: 而 不 能 够 ……”。 又 如 :

The kid is too young to play this game. 这 孩子 太 小 ， 不 能 玩 这 个 游戏 。

3) 本 名 中 的 动词 keep 意 为 “履行 (诺言 等 ); 遵守 ( 避 例 等 》， 这 是 keep 的 常见
法 之 一 。 类 似 的 句子 还 有 :

People hardly ever keep them! 人 们 很 少 履行 它们 ( 指 计划 )。

在 这 一 语义 下 ， 常 见 的 表述 还 有 Xeep a promise ( 信守 诺言 )，keep one’s word ( 遵守
承诺 ; 说 话 算数 ) 等 ， 如，

We always keep our word .我 们 说 话 是 算数 的 。

am

Pe ecccccccccccccccosccccsvcccccsccccscccccsoscoccsoccs Notas on the Text 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

Unit 7 Will people have robots?
1. Everyone should play a part in saving the earth. 每 一 个 人 都 应 当 尽 一 份 力 来 拯救

地 球 。

play a part in … 是 一 个 固定 结构 ， 表 示 “ 参 与 ……' ; 在 中 尽 自 己 的 一 份 力量 ”
的 意思 。 例 如 :

She plays an active part in teaching these poor children. 她 积极 参加 对 这 些 贫 穷 孩 子
的 教学 工作 。

He didn't play a part in making this decision. 他 并 没 参与 做 出 此 决定 。
2. Yes, [hope so. 对， 我 希望 如 此 。

此 句 意 为 Yes I hope there will be world peace. 句 中 的 so 为 副词 ， 代 蔡 了 对 话 中 上
文 所 说 的 内 容 ， 以 使 得 语句 简练 。 除 hope 之 外 ，so 还 常 与 think( 想 ), believe( 相信 )，
guess( 猜测 ) 等 措 配 ， 在 英语 口语 中 非常 普遍 。 例 如 :

A: Ishe coming to see us? 他 要 来 看 我 们 吗 ?

B: I think so. 我 想 是 的 。

3. Isometimes see blue skies in my city, ... 我 有 时 看 得 到 ( 我 的 ) 城市 里 的 蓝天 ，……

在 这 个 句子 中 ，skies 用 作 复 数 ， 表 示 天 气 或 某 地 的 天 空 看 上 去 怎样 ， 又 如 :

aland ofblue skies and warm sunshine 一 片 有 着 蓝 蓝 的 天 空 和 温暖 的 阳光 的 土地

当 只 指 “ 天 空 ” 时 ，sky 通 常用 单数 形式 ， 例 如 :

There wasn’t a cloud in the sky. 天 空中 万 里 无 云 。

The sun rose higher in a clear blue sky. ASHER HIM LIME ET

The sky turned dark just before the storm. 28 *UREIMBT, KAA T
4. Today there are already robots working in factories. 现在 已 经 有 机 器 人 在 工厂 里 千
活 了 。

此 句 中 working in factories 的 逻辑 主语 是 robots， 但 是 在 这 个 there be 句 型 中 ， 谓 语
动词 已 经 有 了 are， 所 以 wo 东 就 不 能 再 作 本 句 的 谓语 动词 ， 而 应 用 -ing 形 式 。 这 一 点 在 学
习 和 使 用 there be 句 型 时 需要 特别 注意 。

5. … and they do simple jobs over and over again. …… 并 且 它 们 反复 地 干 着 简单 的
工作 。

在 此 名 中 ，over and over again 是 一 个 固定 短语 ， 意 为 “反复 地 ; 多 次 ”， 还 可 以 说
over and over。 例 如 :

Theysangthe song over and over 他们 反复 地 唱 那 首 歌 。

He called over and over again but nobody answered. 他 多 次 打 电 话 但 没有 人 接 。

6. Some robots are very human-like. 一 些 机 器 人 十 分 像 真 人 。
在 human-like( 形似 真人 的 ; 真人 一 样 的 ) 一 词 中 ，-ike 为 形容 词 后 缀 ， 用 在 名 词

《<Bh

covcccccoscces Notes on the Text ccceercessccsccescescccccccsesccscvescssesccsssvscsseses:

之 后 ， 与 其 构成 一 个 完整 的 形容 词 ， 表 示 “ 形 似 …… 的 ; 像 ，…… 一 样 的 ; BU
的 "。 又 如 : a bird-like building( 一 座 像 鸟 一 样 的 建筑 物 )，a cabbage-like vegetable( 一
种 形似 卷心菜 的 蔬菜 )，the ball-like thing on the top of the building ( 楼 项 上 那个 像 球 一
样 的 东西 )。

Unit 8 ”How do you make a banana milk shake?
1. Then, add the cabbage, tomatoes and onion and cook for another 10 minutes. 然
JOA AEDS. WEEE, FR 1057 eh.

在 此 句 中 ，another 用 于 具体 的 数字 之 前 ， 表 示 一 种 “追加 ”的 功能 ， 相 当 于 汉语
“ 另 一 个 ; 再 追加 一 个 ”的 意思 。 在 这 种 用 法 中 ，another 还 可 用 more 来 表示 ， 但 结构 略
有 不 同 。 例 如 : 课本 中 的 one more thing 就 相当 于 another thing( 还 有 一 事 )。 因 此 ， 本
句 中 another 10 minutes 也 可 说 为 10 more minutes。 又 如 :

He stayed with us for another five days. (= He stayed with us for five more days.) 他 又
跟 我 们 一 起 多 住 了 五 天 。
2. OK, that’s it? 好 的 ， 这 就 结束 了 ? (好 的 ， 这 就 完了 吗 ? )

Thatst. 是 一 个 固定 的 口语 表达 方式 ， 此 处 用 以 表示 某 事 了 结 、 停 止 、 结 束 等 。 又 如 ;

Well, that’s it, we've finished 一 we can go home now. 好 了 ， 就 这 样 了 ， 我 们 结
东 一 一 现在 大 家 可 以 回 家 了 。

A:Thatsit Mrs. Carter? 卡特 太太 ， 这 就 算 完了 ?

B: Yes, that’s it. Youve done a good job, Peter. Thank you. 对 ， 就 这 样 了 。 你 干 得 不
错 ， 彼 得 ， 谢 谢 你 了 。
3. Thanksgiving in the United States 美国 的 感恩 节

Thanksgiving 4 /F Thanksgiving Day， 汉 语 译作 “感恩 节 ”。 美 国 的 感恩 节 是 每 年
11 月 的 第 四 个 礼拜 四 ， 在 传统 意义 上 是 一 个 喜庆 丰收 、 合 家 欢聚 的 重大 节日 。 加 拿 大 也 有
感恩 他， 但 时 间 是 每 年 10 月 的 第 二 个 星期 一 。
4. In most countries, people usually eat traditional food on special holidays. 在 大 多
数 国家 ， 人 们 通常 在 特殊 的 节日 里 吃 传统 食物 。

1) 此 处 holiday 表 示 “ 节 日 ”， 而 非 “假期 ”的 意思 ， 指 国家 法 定 的 公众 性 “节日 ;

(ont

假日 ” 。 再 如 :

Christmas is the most important holiday in Western countries. 圣诞 节 是 西方 国家 最
为 重要 的 节日 。

2) holiday 也 有 “假期 ”之 意 。 作 这 一 用 法 时 ， 多 为 英国 英语 ， 美 国 则 用 vacation 一
词 。 例 如 :

Will you take a holiday next week? (=[ 美 ]Will you take a vacation next week?) 下 周

5 90)
Ce cccccccesccccsesccccscccesescccvccecsccssccoccosssoss Notes on the Text 。。。。。。。。。。。。。

你 休假 吗 ?

The school holidays start tomorrow. (=[ 美 ]The school vacation starts tomorrow.)
学 校 明 天 开始 放假 。
S. At this time, people also remember the first travelers from England who came to
live in America about 400 years ago. 此 时 ， 人 们 也 回忆 起 约 400 年 前 从 英国 迁 来 美洲 生
活 的 首 批 旅 行者 。

此 句 中 remember 的 意思 是 “回忆 起 ; 回想 起 ; 记 起 了 ”， 表 示 对 过 去 事情 的 追忆 。
又 如 :

Can you remember what he looked like? 你 能 想起 来 他 长 什么 样 吗 ?

Unit9 Can you come to my party?
1. I’msorry. I’m not available. Hiukk, RB.

此 句 中 的 available 表 示 “ 有 空 ; Ai; APTTEZER. AR”, HUGE AT Sito do 引出
具体 的 事情 。 例 如 :

Are you available tomorrow morning? 明天 早上 你 有 空 吗 ?

Im afraid I’m not available to help with the school show on the 19th. 我 伯 是 没 空
帮 着 准备 学 校 19 号 的 演出 了 。
2. Sam isn’t leaving until next Wednesday. 萨 姆 要 一 直 待 到 下 周三 才 走 。

在 英语 中 ，not .… until... 是 一 个 常见 名 型 ， 表 示 “ 直 到 ……' 才 ……'”。 在 口语 中 ，
还 可 使 用 岂 代 替 until， 构 成 not … till... 结构 。 又 如 :

Don't leave today’s work till tomorrow. 不 要 把 今天 的 事 留 到 明天 去 做 。

I didn’t go to bed last night until past midnight. 昨 晚 我 过 了 午夜 12 点 才 睡 。
3. Catch you on Monday! 礼拜 一 见 !

这 是 英语 中 道别 的 又 一 种 说 法 ， 相 当 于 See you on Monday! 类 似 的 说 法 还 有 :
Catch/See you later! ( 回头 见 ! )
4. Let’s have a surprise party for her next Friday the 28th! 我 们 在 (本 月 )28 号 下 周
五 为 她 举办 一 - 场 惊喜 聚会 吧 !

surprise party 是 西方 国家 常见 的 一 种 聚会 形式 ， 是 一 种 旨 在 给 人 带 来 惊喜 的 聚会 。 聚
会 往往 围绕 一 个 或 者 干 主题 人 物 而 举办 ， 聚 会 的 举办 者 事先 会 对 主题 人 物 保 密 ， 待 其 来
到 聚会 现场 之 后 才 意外 发 现 大 家 在 为 自己 举行 聚会 ， 因 而 会 十 分 惊讶 和 感激 。 还 有 一 种
surprise party 并 没有 所 谓 的 主题 人 物 ， 而 是 旨 在 娱乐 ， 参 与 者 在 聚会 当中 不 断 遭 遇 各 种 意
外 惊喜 ， 欢 乐 不 止 。 因 此 ，surprise party 可 译作 “惊喜 聚会 ”。
S. [look forward to hearing from you all. 我 期 盼 着 你 们 的 答复 。

look forward to 是 一 个 固定 的 结构 ， 表 示 “ 期 待 ; 期 盼 ”， 其 中 to 是 介词 ， 因 此 后 面

>

Et

peccvccceccoss Notes on the Text cecccrcccccccccvccccccsccccccecccccccccessccccvecsccsses

若 使 用 动词 ， 要 使 用 其 -ing 形 式 。 又 如 :

Ilookforwardto your reply 我 期 待 你 的 答复 。

I'm really looking forward to seeing my little grandson again. 我 好 期 待 再 次 见 到 我 的
小 孙子 。
6. Hope you can make it! 希望 你 能 参加 (RA)!
此 句 中 的 make 让 是 一 个 独立 的 表述 方式 ， 表 示 通 过 努力 或 经 历 困 难 后 取得 成 功 、 完
成 某 事 ， 可 译作 “成 功 ， 胜利 ”， 但 有 时 也 要 视 语 境 及 上 下 文 灵活 选用 合理 的 词语 进行 翻
译 ， 此 处 便 是 如 此 。 又 如 :

If we run, we should make it. 要 是 我 们 跑 的 话 ， 应 该 不 会 迟到 。

Though it was difficult, they still made it. 虽然 艰难 ， 但 他 们 依然 成 功 了 。
7. Please reply in writing to this invitation by Friday, December 20th. 请 于 12 月 20
日 星期 五 前 以 书面 方式 回复 此 邀请 。

1) reply in writing 表示 “以 书面 的 形式 进行 回复 "。 其 中 reply 相 当 于 answer， 但
要 比 后 者 更 加 书面 化 且 正 式 许多 。 此 处 介词 让 表示 方式 ， 相 当 于 汉 请 “用 …… 方 式 OB

式 )” 的 意思 。

2) reply 用 作 动词 时 ， 不 直接 跟 宾语 ， 须 由 介词 to 引入 宾语 的 内 容 ， 构 成 reply to …
结构 。 例 如 :

Did you reply to these letters? 你 回复 这 些 来 信 了 吗 ?

3) 在 此 句 中 ， 介 词 by 意 为 “截止 至 ……… gree 之 前 ; Bee 为 止 ” 。 介 词
before th “……' 之 前 ”的 意思 ， 但 区 别 在 于 before 不 包含 其 后 的 时 间 ， 而 by 则 包括 。
试 比较 :

You should get your homework ready by Friday. Remember: Friday is the last day! 你
应 当 最 迟 于 星期 五 前 把 作业 准备 好 。 记 住 : 周 五 是 最 后 一 天 !

Can you come and meet me before Friday? I’ll be away early Friday morning. 你 能 在
礼拜 五 前 来 见 我 一 面 吗 ? 我 周 五 一 大 清早 就 走 啦 。

Unit10 Ifyou go to the party, you'll have a great time!
1. Can you give me some advice please? 能 请 你 给 我 一 些 建议 吗 ?

advice 相 当 于 汉语 “建议 ;忠告 ”的 意思 ， 是 不 可 数 名 词 ， 故 不 可 添加 复数 词尾 -s!
表示 “一 条 建议 ; 一 则 忠告 ”应 说 a piece ofadvice 或 a word ofadvice。 例 如 :

Let me give you a friendly word of advice. Don’t wear jeans to the interview. 我 给 你
提 条 友善 的 建议 吧 : 别 穿 牛 仔裤 去 面试 。

Thats really a good piece ofadvice. 那 的 确 是 一 条 不 铺 的 建议 。

advise 是 动词 ， 意 为 “ 提 建 议 ; 给 忠告 。 例 如 本 单元 Section 了 课文 中 的 这 个 句子 :

@
oor eccorvccccccccosceocecscccccsccececccccccccccccosoos Notas on the TEXt 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

Robert Hunt advises students about common problems. # (Ai + 享 特 就 一 些 常见 的
问题 给 学 生 们 提出 建议 ， 进 行 指导 。
2. If people have problems, they should keep them to themselves. 如 果 人 们 有 麻烦 ，
他 们 应 当 把 这 些 烦 恼 留 给 自己 。

此 句 中 的 动词 keep 意 为 “保留 ; 保存 ”， 其 后 的 代词 them 指 代 problems。 在 本 文 语
境 下 ，keep them to themselves 意 为 “把 问题 ( 烦恼 ) 埋 在 心底 ， 不 向 他 人 倾 述 ”。

在 英语 中 ，keep 表示 “保留 ; 保存 ; 留存 ”的 用 法 十 分 普遍 。 又 如 :

Will you keep the keys for me while I’m away? 在 我 离开 的 这 段 时 间 里 请 你 代为 保管
钥匙 好 吗 ?

You can keep it ifyou like. 要 是 你 喜欢 的 话 ， 可 以 把 它 留 下 。
3. She just kept thinking, “IfI tell my parents, ..…” 她 一 直 在 想 :“ 如 果 我 告诉 我 父母 的
iG, one ”

在 此 句 中 ，keep 表 示 “( fHi-+++ + ) 保持 ( 某 种 状态 或 关系 ); 一 直 ……”， 后 面 接 动
词 时 ， 该 动词 机 用 -ing 的 形式 ， 形 成 Keep doing ... 结构 。 例 如 :

It kept raining for a week. 雨 一 直下 了 一 个 星期 。

Just keep singing, and don’t stop. 接着 唱 ， 不 要 停 下 来 。
4. They got her a new wallet and asked her to be more careful. 他 们 给 她 买 了 -- 个 新
钱包 ， 还 让 她 再 小 心 些 。

在 本 名 中，get 意 为 “ 买 " ， 相 当 于 buy， 但 不 如 后 者 正式 。 再 如 :

Could you get mea ticket, please? 请 给 我 买 张 票 好 吗 ?

Iusually get vegetables from that supermarket. 我 通常 从 那 家 超市 买 蔬菜 。

I got this T-shirt for SO yuan when it was on sale. 这 件 工作 衫 是 我 在 促销 时 花 0 块 钱
买 的 。
5. In English, we say that sharing a problem is like cutting it in half. 在 英语 中 ， 我 们
说 与 人 分 担 一 个 烦恼 就 像 把 麻烦 分 成 两 半 。

1) 动词 share 是 “分 享 ; 分 担 ; 共同 负担 ”的 意思 ， 如 : share a room with someone
(与 某 人 同 住 一 个 房间 )，share abook ( 合 看 一 本 书 )，share ataxi( 同 坐 一 辆 出 租车 ) 等 等 。

2) cut … in half 的 意思 是 “把 …… 切 成 两 半 ， 把 …… 一切 为 二 "。 又 如 :

Please cut the orange in half. 请 把 栖 子 ~- 切 两 半 。
6. So youre halfway to solving a problem just by talking to someone about it! 因此 ，
你 只 要 跟 人 聊 聊 这 个 问题 ， 你 就 已 经 解决 了 问题 的 一 半 。

1) be halfway to … 表示 “完成 了 或 做 了 事情 的 一 部 分 ”， 其 中 halfway 后 面 的 to 是
介词 。 再 如 :

We're still only halfway to finishing the job. 我 们 才 仅 仅 完 成 工作 的 一 部 分 。

93 |

poccccccccecses Notes on the Text eccerrccccccsccvccccccseccccescccccoccces eeeeeeeeeeeet

2) 句 中 的 介词 by 在 此 表示 方式 ， 相 当 于 汉语 “通过 (……… 办 法 ); (使 ) 用 (……
BAY 的 意思 。 又 如 :

We can practice and learn English by singing English songs. 我 们 可 以 通过 唱 英 语 歌曲
来 学 、 练 英语 。

A: How do you study for a test? 你 是 如 何 复习 备考 的 ?

B: Well, most of the time by going over the notes and reading the textbook. 这 个 嘛 ，
大 多 数 时 候 ， 是 通过 复习 笔记 和 看 课本 。
POC CO HOO Cee O EEDA EEE DEH OEE HO ED EO SOHO EE ED ODE EO EE EEE EHEOHOS EES Tapescripts eecccccccccccs

Tapescripts

Unit 1 Where did you go on vacation?

Section A, lb

Conversation 1

Xiang Hua: Hey, Tina. Where did you go on
vacation?

Tina: I went to the mountains with my

family.

Xiang Hua: Did everyone have a good time?

Tina: Oh, yes. Everything was excellent.

Where did you go, Xiang Hua?
Xiang Hua: I went to New York City.
Conversation 2
Girl: What did you do on vacation, Sally?
Sally: Nothing. I just stayed at home.
Girl: And did you do anything interesting,

Bob?

Bob: Yes. I visited my uncle. We went fishing,
but we didn’t get any fish.

Conversation 3

Boy: Did you go anywhere on vacation,
Tom?

Tom: Iwent to summer camp.

Boy: Did you go with anyone?

Tom: Yes. I went with my friends. Everyone
had a great time.

Section A, 2a, 2b

Conversation I

Boy: Where did you go on vacation, Grace?

Grace: I went to New York City.

Boy: Oh, really? Did you go with anyone?

Grace: Yes. I went with my mother.

Boy: Did you go to Central Park?

Grace: Yes, I did. It was really nice.

Boy: Did you buy anything special?

Grace: Yes. I bought something for my father.

Boy: Oh, really? What?

Grace: I bought him a hat.

Conversation 2

Girl: Where did you go on vacation, Kevin?

Kevin: I went to the beach.

Girl: Oh, that’s nice. Did you play volleyball?

Kevin: No, I didn't.

Girl: Well, did you swim?

Kevin: Yes, I did. The water was really warm.

Girl: How was the food?

Kevin: Everything tasted really good!

Girl: Did you meet anyone interesting?

Kevin: Yes. I met some very interesting people.

Conversation 3

Boy: Where did you go on your vacation,
Julie?

Julie: I stayed at home.

Boy: Oh. So, did you do anything interesting?

Julie: No,I didn't.

Boy: Did you study for your tests?

Julie: Yes, I did.

Boy: Did you go out with anyone?

Julie: No. No one was here. Everyone was on

4 95 ]
vacation.

Section B, Ic, 1d

Girl: Hi, Lisa. How was your vacation?

Lisa: It was great! I went to Hong Kong with
my family.

Girl: Really? Wow! Did you do anything
special there?

Lisa: Well, we went to a fun park. It was

really exciting.
Girl: Did you go shopping?
Lisa: Yeah, I did.

Girl: How were the stores?

Lisa: Oh, they were very expensive, but I did
buy something for my best friend.
Girl: And how were the people? Were they

friendly?

Lisa: Yeah, they were really friendly. My
parents have some friends there, and
we had dinner at their house.

Girl: How wasthe food?

Lisa: It was delicious. I loved their home
cooking.

Girl: Did everyone have a good time?

Lisa: Oh, yes, we did. Everything was excellent.

Unit 2 How often do you exercise?

Section A, 1b

Reporter: What do you usually do on

weekends?
Girl 1: I sometimes go shopping.
Boy 1: I never go shopping. I usually
watch TV.
Boy 2: I always exercise.
Girl 2: I often help with housework.

@

eeeseeeeeseee Tapescripts eeeeeeeeeeseseseeseessessseessessessseesesseoeeseeosessesseseseeeseeeee

Reporter: How about you?
Girl3: [hardly ever watch TV. I always
read.
Reporter: Oh, why is that?
Girl 3: Oh, I don’t know. I guess I just like
books.

Section A, 2a, 2b

Reporter: So, Cheng Tao, how often do you
watch TV?

Cheng Tao: Hmm... about twice a week, I
guess.

Reporter: | Uh-huh. And how often do you
read?

Cheng Tao: Oh, I read every day at school!

Reporter: | How often do you go to the
movies?

Cheng Tao: Uh... let me see ... maybe once a
month?

Reporter: | How often do you exercise?

Cheng Tao: Oh, l exercise about three times a
week,

Reporter: | How often do you shop?

Cheng Tao: Shop? I shop about ... about twice
a month.

Section B, lc, 1d

Interviewer: Hi, Tina and Bill. Let’s start with

the first question. How often do

you exercise?

Tina: Every day.

Bill: Hardly ever.

Interviewer: How often do you eat vegetables
and fruit?

Tina: leat vegetables and fruit every

day.
Bill: I sometimes eat vegetables. But I
never eat fruit.

Interviewer: OK. How many hours do you
sleep every night?

Tina: Nine.

Bill: Me, too.

Interviewer: How often do you drink milk?

Bill: Never. I can’t stand milk.

Tina: Oh, I love milk - I drink it every
day.

Interviewer: How often do you eat junk food?

Bill: leat it three or four times a week.

Tina: I guess I eat it two or three times
a week.

Interviewer: And how often do you drink
coffee?

Bill: Oh, I drink coffee four times a
day.

Tina: Inever drink coffee.

Interviewer: Well, thank you very much.

Bill/Tina: You're welcome.

Unit 3 I’m more outgoing than my sister.

Section A, 1b

Conversation 1

Boy 1: Is that Sam playing the guitar?

Girl: No, that’s Tom. Sam has longer hair

than Tom.

Boy 2: Both Tom and Sam can play the drums,
but Sam plays them better than Tom.

Conversation 2

Boy: Thats Tara, isn’t it?

Girl: No, it isn’t. It’s Tina. Tina is taller than
Tara. And she also sings more loudly

Cee eee eee eee ECP e Pere err erereerrerervrrrrrere rrr yy) Tapescripts eeeeeeeeeeese

than Tara.
Conversation 3
Boy: Is that Paul?
Girl: No that’s Peter. Peter’s heavier than

Paul. And Paul's shorter than Peter.
Section A, 2a, 2b
Interviewer: Tina, do you think you are

different from your sister Tara?
Tina: Oh, sure. We look similar but
we're very different.
Interviewer: Really? In what ways are you
different?

Tina: Well, I'm more outgoing than
Tara. I’m friendlier and funnier,
too. And I love sports.
Yes, she can run faster and jump
higher than me.
Interviewer: Who's more hard-working at
school?
Tina thinks she works harder
than me, but I work as hard as
Tina. But she’s smarter than me.
Not really. I think I’m lazier than
Tara. She always gets up earlier
than me.
Section B, 1c, 1d
Interviewer: Who's your best friend, Molly?

Tara:

Tara:

Tina:

Molly: Peter.
Interviewer: Why do you like him?
Molly: Because he likes to do the same

things as I do. Hes popular, too,
and he’s good at sports.
Interviewer: So, is he different from you in any

way?

ED
Molly: Well, yes. [like to study. I study
harder than Peter. He plays
baseball better than me.

Interviewer: OK, Isee ...

Molly: Oh, and he speaks more loudly
than me. I'ma little quieter. But
Id say we're both pretty outgoing.

Interviewer: How about you, Mary? Who's
your best friend?

Mary: My best friend is Lisa.

Interviewer: What do you like about her?

Mary: Well, she’s a good listener, and
that’s important to me.

Interviewer: Is she a lot like you?

Mary: Some people say we look similar.

We're both tall, and we both

have long, curly hair. But Lisa
is quieter than me. I’m always
talking. Shes also smarter. I’m

more outgoing.

Unit 4 What's the best movie theater?
Section A, lb

Conversation 1

Jack: Hi, Anna. Do you want to go to the
movies?

Anna: His, Jack. Yes, let’s see a movie.
Jack:
Anna: Town Cinema. It’s the closest to home.

Jack:

What's the best movie theater to go to?

Yes, but what about the long waiting
time to get movie tickets?

Anna: Don’t worry. There are a lot of people
working there. You can buy tickets the

most quickly at Town Cinema.

《<

seeeeeeeeseee Tapescripts seeeeeeeseseeeseseeeeeeseseeeseeseeseseseeseeeeeseeeeeseeeeeeeeeeseeeees

Conversation 2

Ken: Hi, Julie.

Julie: Hi, Ken. How are you?

Ken: Good, thanks. Do you want to watch a
movie?

Julie: Sure.

Ken: Is there a good movie theater near
here?

Julie: Yes, Screen City. It’s the most popular
one near here and it has the best sound.

Ken: Sounds good. Let's go.

Conversation 3

Barry: Hi, Jill. Do you want to see a movie?

jill: Hi, Barry. Yes, a great idea.

Barry: Do you know a good movie theater?

Jill: Yes, there’s one not far from here.

Barry: What's it called?

jill: It’s called Movie World. It has
the biggest screens and the most
comfortable seats.

Section A, 2a, 2b

What's the best clothes store in

Green City?

Boy: Miller's is the best. It has the best

clothes and you can buy clothes

Reporter:

the most cheaply there.
What do you think about the other
stores?

Boy: Well, Blue Moon is in a fun part of

Reporter:

town, but it’s the most expensive.
And Dream Clothes is worse than
Blue Moon. It has the worst service
in town. It’s the worst store.

Reporter: OK. What about radio stations?
Poe c ence e ees r eee es OSE SOD s OEE H OOH OEE HOTT OOO DODO OEE D DEO EEES Tapescripts eeeeeeeeeeoeee

Boy: 107.9 FM is the best. The DJs
choose songs the most carefully.
They always play the most
interesting music.

Reporter: What about the other radio
stations?

Boy: Well, I think 970 AM is pretty bad.
It has the worst music.

Reporter: heard that 97.9 FM is the most
popular.

Boy: Yes, it is, but I think they play the

most boring songs.

Section B, 1c, 1d

Girl 1:

Girl 2:

Girl 1:

Girl 2:

Girl 1:

Girl 2:

Girl 1:

Girl 2:

Girl 1:

Girl 2:
Girl 1:

Girl 2:

Wasn't that a great talent show?

Yeah!

Who did you think was the best act?
Oh, I thought Eliza was the best. She's
an excellent piano player.

Yeah, she’s great. And I thought Steve
and his dog were the funniest.

Me, too! I couldn't stop laughing! And
how about Vera? Wasn't she creative?
Yeah, I’d say she was the most creative
act! I don’t know many people who can
play the guitar upside down!

Who did you think was the worst?
Oh, Dennis! He was terrible! He kept
dropping the balls!

I know!

What did you think of The Math
Teachers?

Well, they were the loudest for sure!

Unit 5 Do you want to watch a game show?
Section A, 1b

Mark: Hey, Jack, I plan to watch TV tonight.
Do you want to join me?

Jack: Sure. What do you want to watch?

Mark: Well, what do you think of talk shows?

Jack: 1 don’t mind them, but sometimes they
can be a bit boring.

Mark: That’s true. Do you want to just watch
the news?

Jack: I guess so. Maybe we can watch that
new talent show after the news. I
usually can’t stand talent shows, but
that one is quite funny.

Mark: OK, sure, but the soccer game starts at
5:00 p.m.

Jack: Oh, yeah, I want to watch that game,
too.

Section A, 2a, 2b

Sally: Hi, Lin Hui. What are you watching?

Lin Hui: Hey, Sally. Tm watching a really
funny sitcom.

Sally: Oh, I don’t like sitcoms. What can
you expect to learn from them? I like
to watch the news or talk shows.

Lin Hui: Watching sitcoms is a great way
to relax! You can learn some great
jokes, too.

Sally: Well, like shows that are more

educational. I think even game shows
are better than sitcoms. You can try to

guess the answers to the questions.

+ 99)
eeeeeeeeeeee Tapescripts seeeeseeeeseeseseeeseeeeeeseeeeeesessseseeseseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee:

Lin Hui: Then what do you think of soap
operas?

Sally: Oh, umm, well, I know you can't

expect to learn much from soap

operas, but I have to say I love

watching them! I plan to watch Days

of Our Past tonight.

Section B, 1b, 1c

John: What do you want to do today, Mary?

Mary: I want to watch a movie. Are there any
good movies showing right now?

John: Hmm, let me look in the newspaper ...

How about something exciting, like an

action movie or a scary movie?

Mary: Oh no, I think those movies are so
meaningless.

John: Well, most of the movies on right now

are action movies or scary movies.

Mary: Oh, maybe we should stay at home

and watch TV then. I want to watch

something relaxing, like a game show

or a sitcom.

Hmm. I don't really like those kinds

of TV shows. I think they’re boring. I

like to watch talk shows. They’re more

John:

enjoyable.
Mary: OK, Llike talk shows, too. I think
they're wonderful. I like to find out
what different people think about a
subject.
OK, great. There's a talk show at 4:00

p.m. Let’s watch that one.

John:

@

Unit 6 I’m going to study computer science.
Section A, lb
Conversation 1

Boy: Tina, what do you want to be when you

grow up?

Tina: Hmm, I think I want to be a computer
programmer.

Boy: Wow! Sounds difficult. How are you
going to do that?

Tina: I’m going to study computer science.

Conversation 2

Girl: Larry, what do you want to be when
you grow up?

Larry: [love basketball, so I want to be a
basketball player.

Girl: How are you going to do that?

Larry: I'm going to practice basketball every
day.

Conversation 3

Boy: What do you want to be when you
grow up?

Girl: I want to be an engineer.

Boy:  Isee... but how are you going to do
that?

Girl: I’m going to study math really hard.

Conversation 4

Tina: What do you want to be when you
grow up?

Boy: I want to be an actor because I want a
job that’s fun.

Tina: Cool! How are you going to do that?

Boy: I’m going to take acting lessons.
Section A, 2a, 2b

Girl: What do you want to be when
you grow up, Cheng Han?

Cheng Han: I want to be a teacher.

Girl: Are you going to move to Beijing?

Cheng Han: No, I'm going to move to
Shanghai.

Girl: And how are you going to
become a teacher?

Cheng Han: Well, I'm going to learn how to

teach children.
Girl: When are you going to start?
Cheng Han: I'm going to finish high school
and college first.

Section B, 1c, 1d

Kim: Did you make a New Year's resolution
this year, Lucy?

Lucy: Yes, Kim, I did.

Kim: What are you going to do?

Lucy: Im going to learn to play the piano.

Kim: Cool. How are you going to do that?

Lucy: I’m going to take piano lessons. How
about you?

Kim: Well, my New Year's resolution is to get
good grades.

Lucy: Howare you going to do that?

Kim: I’m going to study hard and of course
do my homework every day.

Lucy: That sounds good! How about you,
Mike? Did you make a resolution?

Mike: I sure did. I’m going to make the soccer
team.

Lucy: How are you going to do that?

Mike: I'm going to practice really hard, and

COCO rere eres errs esreseecroreneneseereeeroreeeeseeereeroccooe Tapescripts eeeeeeeeeeeeee

this summer, I’m going to go to a soccer

camp. I can play soccer every day there.

Unit 7 Will people have robots?
Section A, 1b
Boy 1: Do you think people will have robots in
their homes in 100 years?
Boy 2: Yes, I do. I sawa robot on TV, and it
cleaned the kitchen.
Boy 1: Well, I don’t think people will use
money.
Boy 2: Do you think everything will be free?
Boy 1: Yeah, probably.
Boy 2: I think there will be only one country.
Boy 1: Only one country in the world? Will
there be world peace?
Boy 2: Ihope so.
Boy 1: I think kids won't go to school. They'll
study at home on computers.
Boy 2: Oh, I disagree.
Boy 1: You do?
Boy 2: Yeah, there will always be schools.
Section A, 2a, 2b
Ms. Steen: OK, now I want to hear everyone's
predictions about the future.
Girl 1: Well, I think there will be more
people.
Ms. Steen: More people? OK. What else?
Boy 1: I think that there will be less free
time.
Ms. Steen: [hope not!
Girl 2: Well, I think there will be fewer
cars.

Ms. Steen: You do?

@
Girl 2: Yes, people will use the subways

more.

Ms. Steen: That's a great idea. Let’s hear
another prediction.

Boy 2:

Ms. Steen: ‘That will be good for the earth!

Girl 1: I think there will be fewer trees.
And cities will be really big and

crowded because there will be a lot

There will be less pollution.

more people.

Section B, 1c, 1d

Conversation 1

Alexis: Hi, I’m Alexis.

Joe: Nice to meet you, Alexis. I’m Joe.

Alexis: Nice to meet you, Joe. Do you live here
in Highville?

Joe: Yes, I do. I live in an apartment across
the street from here.

Alexis: Oh, really?

Joe: Yes. 1 work near here, too. ’ma
computer programmer.

Alexis: A computer programmer? That sounds

interesting.
Joe: Well, actually it’s kind of boring. I do
the same thing every day.
Conversation 2

Alexis: Hey, Joe, is that a picture of you?

Joe: Yeah, that was me 10 years ago.

Alexis: So, did you live here in Highville 10
years ago?

Joe: No, I lived with my parents in
Greenville. We lived in a house in
the country. I went to school here in
Highville, though.

102)

eeeeese 由 Tapescripts seeeeeeeeeeeeeseseeeeeeeeeseseesosssseseseeeseeeeeseseeeeeeeeeee'

Alexis: Really? That's pretty far from here.
How did you get to school?

Joe: Oh, I took the train to school.

Conversation 3

Alexis: So, Joe, what do you think your life will
be like in 10 years?

Joe: Oh, I think J’l be an astronaut.

Alexis: An astronaut? Are you kidding?

Joe: No,I'mserious. I'll fly rockets to the
moon. Maybe I'll also fly to other
planets.

Alexis: Oh, and where will you live?

Joe: ’lllive ona space station.

Unit 8 How do you make a banana milk
shake?

Section A, 1b

Boy 1: I’m hungry! Let’s make a banana milk
shake,

Boy 2: How do you make a banana milk
shake?

Boy 1: Well, first peel three bananas.

Boy 2: Three bananas?

Boy 1: Yes. Then cut up the bananas.

Boy 2: OK, I'm finished.

Boy 1: Now put the bananas and ice-cream in

the blender. Then pour the milk into

the blender.

Boy 2: Is this enough milk?

Boy 1: I guess so. Next, turn on the blender.

Finally, pour the milk shake into a glass

and drink it.

Section A, 2a, 2b

Girl 1: Let’s make fruit salad.
CODCOD Ce HOHE EEOEE OOH O OOOO DEDEDE OED EEO O TEE OOOO EE EEED Tapescripts eeeeeeeeeeeswe，

Girl 2:
Girll:

Girl 2:
Girl 1:
Girl 2:
Girl 1:
Girl 2:

Girl 1:
Girl 2:
Girl 1:
Girl 2:
Girl 1:
Girl 2:
Girl 1:
Girl 2:

Girl 1:

Girl 2:

OK. Do you have bananas?

Yes, I do. How many bananas do we
need?

We need three bananas.

That sounds about right. What else?
Watermelon.

How many watermelons?

Oh, only one small watermelon. And
we need some honey.

How much honey do we need?

Let’s see. Two spoons.

Right. What else?

Apples.

How many apples do we need?

Two should be enough. And yogurt.
How much yogurt do we need?
Acup. Now what else do we need? Oh,
do you have any oranges?

I think so. How many oranges do we
need?

Only one. ‘This is going to taste great!

Section B, 1c, 1d

Girl:
Boy:

Girl:
Boy:
Girl:
Boy:
Girl:
Boy:

Girl:

How do you make a cheese sandwich?
Well, first put some butter on a piece of
bread.

How much butter?

Oh, about one spoon.

OK. What else?

Next, cut up some tomatoes.

How many tomatoes?

Well, maybe one is enough. Put the
tomato on the sandwich, Next, cut up
an onion.

Sounds good. What about the cheese?

Boy: Next, put some cheese on the
sandwich.

Girl: How much cheese?

Boy: | Not too much, but you can put more if
you like.

Girl: OK. Is that all?

Boy: Not quite. Then, put some lettuce on
the cheese.

Girl: Sounds delicious!

Boy: Finally, put another piece of bread on
top.

Girl: Great!

Unit 9 Can you come to my party?

Section A, 1b

Sun Ning: Hey, Ted. Can you come to my
party on Saturday afternoon?

Ted: I'm sorry, I can't, Sun Ning. I have
to help my parents.

Sun Ning: Too bad. How about you, Jenny?
Can you come to my party?

Jenny: I'd love to.

Sun Ning: Tim? What about you?

Tim: When is it?

Sun Ning: Saturday afternoon.

Tim: Oh, no, I can’t. Ihave to prepare for
an exam.

Sun Ning: What about you, Wilson?

Wilson: Sorry, I must go to the doctor.

Sun Ning: Anna, can you come?

Anna: I can’t, Sun Ning. I might have to
meet my friend.

Kay: I can’t either, Sun Ning. I have the
flu.

103)
Sun Ning: That's too bad, Kay. Oh, maybe
next time, What a small party!

Section A, 2a, 2b

Conversation 1

Anna: Hi, Jeff! Can you come to my party on

Saturday?
Jeff. Ym sorry, I’m not free. I might have to
meet my friend on Saturday.
Conversation 2

Anna: Hello, Mary! Can you come to my
party on Saturday?

Mary: Vd love to. Do I need to bring anything?

Anna: No, I'll buy all the food and drinks.

Conversation 3

Anna: May, can you come to my party
tomorrow?

May: I’m afraid not. I have the flu.

Anna: Oh, that’s too bad. Well, drink lots of
hot water and get lots of sleep.

Conversation 4

Anna: Mei Ling, can you come to my
party on Saturday?

Mei Ling: Sorry, but I’m not available. I must
study for a math test.

Anna: OK. Good luck!

Conversation 5

Anna: Hey, Paul. Can you come to my party
on Saturday?

Paul: Sure. It sounds great. When will it

start?

Anna: Around 6:00 p.m. See you then.

Paul: See you.

Section B, 1d, le

Andy: Hi, Vince?

1104)

eecccccccccccs Tapescripts Cec eccccce vce ees cee r eens ees esese esses eeeeseeseseseseseeeee

Vince:
Andy:
Vince:
Andy:

Yeah, hi, Andy!

Vince, can you play tennis with me?
Uh, when?

Today.

Vince: Uh, no, sorry, I can't. Ihave to go to the
doctor and study for a test today.

Andy: How about tomorrow?
Vince: Sorry, tomorrow I have to play soccer
and I have a piano lesson.

Andy: Oh. Well, what are you doing the day
after tomorrow?

Vince:
Andy:

Vince:

I may have to look after my little sister.
Oh, I see.
I'm sorry, Andy. I’m really busy this

week!

Unit 10 Ifyou go to the party, you'll have
a great time!

Section A, Ib

Conversation 1

Peter: Hi, John. What will you wear to the
party?

John: think I’ll wear jeans to the party.

Peter: Thats not a good idea. If you do, the

teachers won't let you in.

John: Really?

Peter: Yes.

John:

Peter:

Then I'll wear my smart trousers.
Good idea.

Conversation 2

Mary: Hi, Sam. Will you go to the party?
Sam: No, | think I'll stay at home.

Mary: Oh, why? If you do, you'll be sorry.

Sam: Yes, I know. But my friends won't go.
Mary: Well, Pll go. You can come with me.
Sam: OK.

Conversation 3

Mark: Hey, Alice. Will you take a taxi to the
party?

Hi, Mark. No, I think I'll take the bus to
the party.

The bus? If you do, you'll be late.

Alice:

Mark:
Alice:
Mark:

Yes, I know. But a taxi is expensive.
Well. We can take a taxi together.
That’il be cheaper.

Alice: OK. That’s a great idea.

Conversation 4

Brenda: Hi, Alison. How are you?

Alison: — Good, thanks, Brenda. Will you go
to the party?

Brenda: Yes. What about you?

Alison: Me, too. And I think I'll go to the
party with Karen and Anna.

Brenda: Thats good. If you do, you'll have a
great time.

Alison: Who will you go with?

Brenda: I don’t know.

Alison: You can come with us if you want.

Brenda: OK, thanks.

Section A, 2a, 2b

Nelly: Hi, Mark. I want to have a class party.

Will you help me?
Mark: Sure, Nelly. I can help you. So when
shall we have the party?
Nelly: Let’s have it today after class.
Mark: No, today is too early. If we have it

today, half the class won’t come.

Nelly: OK, let’s have it tomorrow then.

Mark:

Nelly:

Mark:

Nelly:

Mark:

Nelly:

PPO CO CEO TOO EEL OL EOE EO EHE HO HOEE EOD EDEETEDEH OSE DELODELEETOLE Tapescripts eseeeeeeee

Hmm... There’s a test the day after
tomorrow. Students will leave early to
study for the test. Why not have it on
the weekend?

OK, let’s have it on Saturday afternoon.
We can all meet and watch a video.
No, I don’t think we should watch a
video. Some students will be bored.
Let's play party games.

OK, good idea. Can you organize the
party games?

Sure, I can do that. And can you make
some food for us?

Yes, no problem.

Section B, 1b, 1c

Conversation 1

Agent: The Lions are a great soccer team,
you know!

Michael: Oh, I know.

Agent: — Ifyou join the Lions, you'll become
a great soccer player.

Michael; 1m sure J will. Will I travel much?

Agent: Sure! If you become a Lion, you'll
travel around the world.

Michael: Sounds great.

Agent: It is. And if you work really hard,
you'll be famous.

Michael: Well, I don’t know.

Conversation 2

Father: You shouldn't join the Lions right
now.

Michael: Why not?

Mother: Ifyou become a soccer player, you'll

never go to college.

105)
eeeeeeeeeee Tapescripts eeeeeeeeeeseeeeseeseeeseeeeeassesseeeeeeeseoeeeoeeoeeseseeeseeesee，

Michael:

Father:

Michael:

But I really want to play soccer. I Father:
want a job I love. I want to be happy.

Of course you want to be happy, but

there are many other interestingjobs Michael:
out there.

But it’s my dream to play soccer with 。 Mother:

the Lions! This is really exciting!

Itis exciting. And I know you want
to make a lot of money. But money
isn’t everything, son.

I know. But if I don’t do this now, I'll
never do it.

But don’t you want to get an

education?
Co cccccrocccecsccevcsccsrecccssesssccesoooeocsooscesccscoePYONUNCIATION 。。。。。。。。。。。。。

Pronunciation

Unit 1 Where did you go on vacation?
Listen and read. Notice the stress.
1. My sister and I tried ‘paragliding. I felt like I was a bird. It was so exciting! For
lunch, we had something very ‘special 一 Malaysian ‘yellow ‘noodles. They were

delicious!

2. We waited over ‘an ‘hour for the train because there were too ‘many people.
When we got to the top, it was raining 'really hard. We ‘didn’t have an umbrella
so we were ‘wet and ‘cold. It was ‘terrible! And because of the ‘bad 'weather, we
‘couldn't see 'anything below. My father ‘didn’t bring enough 'money, so we only
had 'one bowl of rice and some ‘fish. The food tasted 'great because I was so

hungry!

Unit 2 How often do you exercise?
Listen and read. Notice the stress and rhythm.
There's a'sport just for'you,
So 'what can you'do?
‘Badminton or ‘basketball?
How about 'swimming? Or just try them ‘all!

You don't ‘have to com'pete 一
Just stay ‘healthy and ‘fit!
Who ‘cares if you're not number ‘one?

Just go ‘out and have ‘fun!

‘Exercise every ‘week,
At 'least once or twice.
Twenty 'minutes a ‘day?

Now 'that’s really 'nice!
peccccsorcccos PFOMUNCIATION® ccceccecccccccccccccccccececccccccccccceeessenseceseeeeee!

Unit 3 I’m more outgoing than my sister.
Listen and read. Notice the stress.
1. My'mother'told me a'good 'friend is like a mirror.
2. I think 'friends are like books — you 'don't 'need a ‘lot of them as ‘long as
they’re ‘good.
3. My'best'friend helps to ‘bring ‘out the best in me.
4. A'true'friend 'reaches for your ‘hand and 'touches your ‘heart.
5. A'friend in'need is a'friend in'deed.

Unit 4 What’s the best movie theater?
Listen and read. Notice the stress and rhythm.

Shes | taller than her'sister.

Im ‘quieter | than 'most of the ‘kids in my'class.
My best friend Larryis | 'more ‘outgoing | than'me.

Does 'Sally'study as hard as | ‘Mike?

He's | the ‘youngest of the 'four of us.

‘Miller's 'sells the 'cheapest ‘jeans on that 'street.

‘Movie 'City is the most expensive “| ‘cinema in ‘town.

My 'brother John is the 'most ‘popular ‘student in his 'class.

Unit S$ Do you want to watch a game show?
1. Listen and read. Notice the linking.
1. A: What do you think of the news on CCTV 9?
a a

B: Ilike watching the English news. I watch it every night.
Ww
A: Why?
B: Because I hope to find out what’s going on around the world.
YY a Ww
2. Some people might ask how this cartoon animal became so popular. One of the main

WY Ww WY

reasons is that Mickey was like a common man, but he always tried to face any danger.
WS Ww

2. Listen and read. Notice the linking.
1. Teacher: Maria, please point to America on the map.

Maria: This is it.
WAY
Coe ccesccrecccsccacccscccccccccccccccccsccccccoccccccccccce PIONLUNCIATION 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

Teacher: Well done. Now class, who found America?
a

Class: Maria did.

2. Avery drunk (醉酒 的 ) man comes out of the bar and sees another very drunk man.
\ 7 VY

He looks up in the sky and says, “Is that the sun or the moon?” The other drunk man
Wy VY

answers, “I don’t know. I'ma stranger here myself”
VW

Unit 6 I’m going to study computer science.

Listen and read. Notice how the weak words are pronounced.

1.

A: What do you want to be when you grow up?
B: I want to be a basketball player.

A: How are you going to do that?

B: I'm going to practice basketball every day.

. Daughter: Can I play the piano now, Mom?

Mom: Yes. But wash your hands first. They’re dirty.
Daughter: Oh, Mom. I’ll only play on the black keys (24 ).

. Mary: John says I’m pretty. Andy says I'm ugly. What do you think, Peter?

Peter: I think you're pretty ugly.

Unit 7 Will people have robots?

1.

Listen and read. Notice the change in stress.

1.

‘People will ‘live to be'200 'years ‘old.
‘People 'won't ‘live to be '200 'years ‘old.

. There will be 'robots in peoples homes.

There ‘won't be ‘any robots in 'people’s ‘homes.

. You should'use the 'subways ‘more.

You 'shouldn’t 'use the 'subways 'more.

Listen and read.

1k,

In India, for example, scientists ma(de) robots that loo(k) li(ke) snakes. If
buildings fall down with people inside, these sna(ke) robots can hel(p) loo(k)
for people under the buildings.

. One day, a man walked into a shop an(d) saw a cu(te) little dog. He ask(ed)

the boy besi(de) the dog, “Does your do(g) bite?” “No,” sai(d) the boy. The
man tri(ed) to pe(t) the dog an(d) the do(g) bi(t) him. “Ouch!” he shouted. “I

L109)
coccccccvcccos PYOMUNCIATION® ce ccccsccccccvccccccccscesnccccceocroconsescenaseeseeeee

thought you said your do(g) does no(t) bite!” “He doesn’t,” answer(ed) the boy,
“bu(t) that’s no(t) my dog.”

Unit 8 How do you make a banana milk shake?
1. Listen and read. Notice the intonation and pauses between sense groups.
Anna: \ Sam, | I want to make Russian soup | for a party on \ Saturday. | Can
you tell me / how?
Sam: \ Sure. | / First, | buy some / beef, one / cabbage, four / carrots, three
/ potatoes, five / tomatoes and one \ onion. | Then, | cut up the \ vegetables.
Anna: What’s \ next?
Sam: /Next, | put the beef, carrots and potatoes into a pot | and add some
\ water. | After / that, | cook them for 30 \ minutes. | / Then, | add
the / cabbage, / tomatoes and onion | and cook for another 10 \ minutes.
Anna: /OK, | that’s / it?
Sam: \No, one more \ thing. | / Finally, | don’t forget to add some \ salt.

2. Listen to the same rhyme four times. It is read with a different emotion (happiness,
surprise, sadness, anger) each time. Notice the intonation.

London Bridge is falling down,
Falling down, falling down.
London Bridge is falling down,
My fair lady.

Unit 9 Can you come to my party?

1. Listen and read. Notice the difference in stress and meaning of the same

sentence.

1. Ican go to the surprise party on Saturday. (not somebody else)

2. Ican go to the surprise party on Saturday, (Iam able to)

3. Ican go to the surprise party on Saturday. (not do something else)
4. Ican go to the surprise party on Saturday. (not somewhere else)
5. Ican go to the surprise party on Saturday. (not on another day)

2. Listen and read. Notice the stress.
1. A: Classes finish on the sixteenth.
B: No, I think they finish on the fifteenth.
2. A: The keys are on the desk.
B: No, they're under the desk.

1110)
POO oorrreeccccocccccccccccceoecoseoreeoocooooesososseooseeOPYOMUNCIATION 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

3. A: But we asked for two teas!

B: Well, I thought you wanted coffee.
4. A: But we asked for two teas!

B: Well, I thought you wanted one.
5. A: He can write well.

B: He can, but he doesn't. Hes too lazy.

Unit 10 If you go to the party, you'll have a great time!

1. Listen and read. Notice the linking, stress, intonation and pauses.
“It is best | ‘not to 'run away from 1 our \'problems. | We should ‘always ‘try to
\'solve them.” | He thinks | the ‘first /'step | is to find someone you ‘trust to
\ 'talk to. | This ‘person ‘doesn’t 'need to be an expert like himself. | 'Students
‘often forget | that their ‘parents have more experience, | and are ‘always there
to \ ‘help them. | In ‘English, | we say that ‘sharing a ‘problem | is like ‘cutting
it in \ ‘half. 1 So you're ‘halfway to 'solving a ‘problem | just by 'talking to

someone \ about it!
NY YU

2. Listen and read. Notice the stress.
1. Ifyou'run after 'two ‘hares ( 野兔) you will 'catch 'neither.
2. Ifyou'give a man a fish, he eats for a ‘day. If you teach a man to fish, he can'always eat.
3. If we'cannot 'get what we like, we have to ‘like what we can 'get.

4. If 'moneyis'not your 'servant, it will be your ‘master.
eeccccccccccs GFAMIMalr eeeccecccescccccccccscesecesscccccccesccoesssessceensesnseeenes

Grammar

I. ALi (Indefinite Pronouns)
不 指明 代替 任何 特定 名 词 或 形容 词 的 代词 叫做 不 定 代词 。 常 见 不 定 代词 如 下 所 示 :

some 一 些
somebody 某 人
someone 某 人

| nothing 无 物

all 全 体 ; 全 部

| both 两 个 (都 )

other(s) 另 一 个 ( 些 )
another 另外 一 个 ; 又 一 个
much 很 多

something 某 事 ; 某 物 | none 没 人 或 物 ( 指 两 个 以 上 ) many 很 多
any 一 些 ; 任何 neither 没 人 或 物 ( 指 两 个 当中 ) | few 很 少
anybody 任何 人 | either 任何 一 个 ( 指 两 个 当中 ) afew 一 些 ; 几 个
anyone 任何 人 each 每 个 little 很 少
anything 任何 事物 every 每 个 alittle 一 些
no 无 everybody 每 人 ; 大 家 ; 人 人 one 一 个 (人 或 物 )
nobody 无 人 everyone 每 人
no one 无 人 | everything 每 一 件 事 物 ， 一 - 切
不 定 代词 的 用 法 中 有 几 点 需要 注意 ， 特 别 是 有 些 不 定 代词 兼 具 形容 词 的 用 法 :
1. some 和 any 既 可 代替 或 修饰 可 数 名 词 复数 ， 也 可 代替 或 修饰 不 可 数 名 词 。some

SAPS), any 则 多

A: Are there any apples in the fridge?

B: Yes, there are some./No, there aren't any.
A: Is there any water in the bottle?

B: Yes, there is some water./No, there isn’t any water.
但 是 ,在 Would you like some tea? X28] 4) 4
肯定 的 答复 。

话 者 希望 得 到 对

于 否定 多、 疑问 名 和 条 件 从 句 。 例 如 :

PP 则 用 some， 而 不 用 any， 这 是 因为 问

2.，many 和 much 均 表示 “很 多 " 。 但 many 只 代 蔡 或 修饰 可 数 名 词 复数 ， 而 much 只

代替 或 修饰 不 可 数 名 词 。

3. few Sa few 是 一 对 反义词 ,代替 或 修饰 可 数 名 词 复数 ; little Fa little 也 是 一 对 反
义 词 ， 代 替 或 修饰 不 可 数 名 词 。few 和 little 的 意思 是 “很 少 ; 几乎 没有 ”, 侧重 “否定 ”

WAX; afew 和 ajittle 的 意思 是 “有 一 些 "， 侧 重 “ 肯 定 ” 的 含义 。 例 如 :
Dontworry There is a little time to go.
We took quite a few photos there.
Few people know what happened.

$112)
Corer rcecvacccssneorceovosesecsenssoesvcesoreoescoesocescosees GFAMMAr® esceeeecccccce

There is now little hope of success.

4. some, any, no, every 构成 的 复合 不 定 代词 作 主语 时 ， 都 作 单数 看 待 ， 其 谓
语 动词 用 单数 第 三 人 称 形 式 。 例 如 :

Something is wrong with my watch.

Well, everyone wants to win.
Nobody knows what the future will be like.

There is something for everyone at Greenwood Park.

S. 除 no one 以 外 ，

其 他 复合 不 定 代词 都 写成 一 个 词 。

6 不定 代 词 若 有 定语 修饰 ， 该 定语 要 置 于 其 后 。 例 如 :

Did anyone see something good at the cinema?

For lunch, we had something very special — Malaysian yellow noodles.
Do you have anything to say?

TI. 频 度 副词 (Adverbs of Frequency)

频 度 副 词 表示 事情 发 生 的 频率 ， 可 用 来 回答 how often 引导 的 问 句 。 常 用 的 频 度 副 词

有 : always, almost always, usually, often, sometimes, hardly ever (seldom), never
等 ， 它 们 在 频 度 上 的 差异 可 以 这 样 表示 :

always (100%) > almost always > usually > often > sometimes > hardly ever

(seldom) > never (0%)

频 度 副 词 通常 放 在 动词 前 面 ， 若 句子 里 有 情态 动词 、 助 动词 或 系 动词 be， 则 放 在 这

类 动词 (第 一 个 ) 的 后

。 例如 ，

It’s always interesting to watch other people show their talents.

Why do people usually make resolutions?

When we watch movies about the future, we sometimes see robots.
They hardly ever watch TV.
Fewer people will do such jobs in the future because they are boring, but robots will

never get bored.

IT. 形容 词 和 副词 的 比较 级 和 最 高 级 (Comparative and Superlative Forms of
Adjectives and Adverbs)

大 多 数 形 容 词 和 副词 有 三 个 等 级 : 1. 原 级 ， 即 原形 。 2. 比较 级 ， 表 示 “ 较 ……” 或
“更 …… 一 些 " 。 3. 最 高 级 ， 表 示 “ 最 ……”。
1 形容 词 和 副词 的 比较 级 和 最 高 级 的 构成

1) 规则 变化

eseesesesesssesse GrAMiMal® *eeeccccccccecccccccccccccesscesceevcsessesoescesssseseseeeeee:

| 构成 方法 原 级 比较 级 最 高 级
high higher highest
| = tall taller tallest
SPE mira ot short shorter shortest
部 | slow slower slowest
着 分 | 以 字母 6 结尾 的 词 ， 在 词尾 | fine finer finest
节 双 | 加 -fr 或 -st late later latest
iat | 重读 半音 节 闻 词尾 只 有 一 个 |big bigger iggest
和 iW 音字 母 时 ， 先 双 写 该 辅音 | thin thinner thinnest
字母 ， 再 加 -er 或 -est fat fatter fattest
以 “辅音 字母 +” 结尾 的 “| easy easier easiest
| 双 音 节 词 ， 先 把 “y” 改 为 | funny funnier funniest
| “ 记 ， 再 加 -er 或 -est early earlier earliest
多 部
音 分 | beautiful more beautiful most beautiful
;\ a - interesting more interesting “| most interesting
iH 音 在 词 前 加 more 或 most comfortable more comfortable | most comfortable
和 uw comfortably more comfortably | most comfortably
词
2) 不 规则 变化
| 原 级 _ 比较 级 最 高 级
good/well better best
bad/badly worse worst
many/much more most
little less least
farther farthest
far
further furthest

2 形容 词 和 副词 的 比较 级 和 最 高 级 的 用 法

seeseeseseeseseseessesseesesoeoeeseesoesoeeeeeeeoeesoeooesoeeseseeseseseeseseoe Grainmiar。。。。。。。。。。。。。

等 级 用 法 | 例句
比 | pos hen eae 4 id 当 a a 四 I'm more outgoing than my sister.
A. 四 an fas]

2 | 使 用 的 动词 相同 时 ， 通 常用 助动词 代 闪 | Yonknow mone about yeursel an (ao).
后 面 的 动词 。 该 动词 或 助动词 可 以 省 略 。
表示 三 者 或 三 者 以 上 (人 或 事物 ) WEE | Screen City is the best theater in town.

| 最 | 较 ， 其 中 有 一 个 在 某 一 方面 超过 其 他 几 | Who sings (the) most beautifully of the

B | 个 ， 后 面 可 用 of (in) 短语 等 来 说 明 比较 的 | three?

级 | 范围。 形容 词 最 高 级 的 前 面 一 般 要 加 定 冠 | My cousin LiJing is the funniest personI
词 the， 副 词 最 高 级 前 的 the 可 以 省 去 。 know.

注 : 在 形容 词 和 副词 的 比较 级 前 ， 可 以 用 much，a little 等 修饰 ， 如 : much better, a

littletaller。

3. 表示 两 者 在 某 一 方面 相同 时 ， 用 “as + 形容 词 或 副词 原形 + as” 的 名 型 。 如 ;

I think science is as important as math.

Tom runs as fast as Jack.

表示 一 方 在 某 一 方面 不 及 另 一 方 时 ， 用 “not as/so + 形容 词 或 副词 原形 + as” 的 名

型 。 如 :

It is not as/so warm today as yesterday.

He did not come as/so early as Wang Lin.

IV. shin] (Verbs)
1. 动词 的 种 类 (Kinds of Verbs)

类 别 说 明 | 例 句
实 义 动词 | 表示 动作 或 状态 ， 在 条 中 能 独立 作 请 | She hasa new Blend from Australia.
Full Verbs 语 。 e S the train every day.
We leave for school at around seven.
连 系 动词 wa, : He is popular in school.
R 立 必须 与 表 语 一
Linking eet Ae Twins usually look the same.
Verbs me Trees turn green in spring,
Byshial 不 能 独立 作 谓语 ， 只 能 和 主要 动词 一 | I don’t want to go fora drive. (否定 )
Auxiliary | 起 构成 谓语 ， 表 示 和 否定 、 疑 问 、 时 态 | We are playing basketball. (进行 时 态 ) |
Verbs 或 其 他 语法 形式 。 Do you like tomatoes? (疑问 )
情态 动词 不 能 独立 作 谓 语 ， 只 能 和 主要 动词 一 起 | She can speak a little English.
MRI Verbs 构成 谓语 ， 表 示 说 话 人 的 语气 和 情态 。 [think you should go to college.
| 情态 动词 -- 般 没有 人 称 和 数 的 变化 。 Can you come tomy party?

1115)
ecccccccccccs Gramlital cece ecsccccccccccccccevcccceccccccensccscveserssesscceseccercoe:

2， 一 般 将 来 时 ( Simple Future Tense )

一 般 将 来 时 由 “助动词 + 动词 原形 ”构成 ， 表 示 将 来 某 个 时 间 要 发 生 的 动作 或 存在 的
状态 ， 也 表示 将 来 经 常 或 反复 发 生 的 动作 ， 党 与 表示 将 来 的 时 间 状 语 连用 ， 如 : tomorrow,
next week, next year，in the future 等 。 例 如 :

We will come to see you next week.

In the future, there will be less fresh water.

Will people use money in 100 years?
How will the world be different in the future?
HE: 1) 在 口语 中 ，w 记 常 缩 略为 全，wil not 常 缩 略为 wont /waunt/。
2) 在 表示 “ 带 意愿 色彩 的 将 来 ” 时， 常用 助动词 will。 例如 : I will tell you all

about it.
3) 在 疑问 名 中， 主语 为 第 一 人 称 (TI 和 we ) 时 ， 常 用 助动词 shall。 例 如 : When
shall we have the party?

4) 在 书面 语 中 ， 主 语 为 第 一 人 称 (TI 和 we ) 时 ， 也 常用 助动词 shal。 例 如 :I
shall write you a letter next month. 但 在 口语 中 ， 所 有 人 称 都 可 以 用 wils

5) “be going to + 动词 原形 ”也 可 以 表示 将 要 发 生 的 动作 或 安排 ， 或 打算 、 计 划 、
决定 要 做 的 事 。 例 如 :
The Smiths are going to see a Peking opera this evening.

They're going to play volleyball next week.
I’m going to study medicine at a university.

Where are you going to work?

V. sin] (Articles)

CiWdi—M ea, HACES ATA, PUA STAM ARH. TA
ARE IRE, CEO) PRR BIE, ahi EAE LI

1. 不 定 冠 词 (ndefinite Articles)

a/an 是 不 定 冠 词 ，a 用 在 发 音 以 辅音 开头 的 单词 之 前 ， 如 a book, a girl 等 ; an 则 用
在 发 音 以 元 音 开 头 的 单词 之 前 ， 如 an hour，an English teacher 等 。 注 意 : 不 定 冠 词 只 用
于 可 数 名 词 单数 前 。 不 定 冠 词 的 具体 用 法 见 下 表 :

Dee cr ee eecsecccceesceceseeereserecenceccoeccescessossoesesoss GLAMinalresssssecccoosce

用 法 例 记 或 例句

指 人 或 事物 的 某 一 种 类 。

China is a very interesting country
It’s an action movie.

Is there a bank near here?

SAS, ， 但 不 具体 说 明 何 人 或 何 物 。 | [found a small boy crying in the corner.
We work five days a week.

aan. 加 这 个 数量 ， 但 数 的 慨 念 没有 one | He has a big nose and two small eyes. |
用 于 某 些 固定 词组 中 。 a few, a little, a lot of, a moment ago

2. xf] (Definite Article)

不 论 是 单数 名 词 还 是 复数 名 词 ， 也 不 论 是 可 数 和 名词 还 是 不 可 数 名 词 ， 其 前 均 可 用 定 天
词 the 。 定 冠 词 的 主要 用 法 见 下 表 :

用 法 例 词 或 例句
| Showmethe photo of your family.
The book on the desk is mine.

特 指 某 ( 些 ) 人 或 某 (46) 事物 。

— How much are the red socks?

g 道 或 事物 。
的 一 Theyreeight dollars.
者 上 文 提 过 的 人 或 事物 。 First, cut up a tomato. Put the tomato on the bread.
在 世界 上 独一无二 的 事物 前 。 ‘The sun is bigger than the moon.

In the first photo, Im playing basketball at school.
Whats the best radio station?

用 在 由 普通 名 词 构成 的 专 有 名 词 前 。 the Great Wall, the Children’s Palace

在 序数 词 和 形容 词 最 高 级 前 。

在 姓氏 的 复数 形式 前 。 the Browns ( 布朗 一 家 人 )
用 在 乐器 名 称 前 。 Can you play the guitar?
One age
用 在 一 些 习惯 用 语 中 in the morning/afternoon/evening, on the left/
4 = TIAA o

right, the day before yesterday, all the same

3. 不 用 先 词 的 情况 (Zero Article)
英语 中 在 不 少 场合 下 名 词 前 面 是 不 需要 使 用 冠 词 的 ， 有 的 语法 书 上 把 这 种 现象 称 做
“ 零 冠 词 ” 。 不 用 冠 词 的 情况 见 下 表 :

eeeecccoccose Gramimar ceeecseercecvescceccocccceccscescessssescssssessesaseesesens eooee

A 例 词 或 例句
在 专 有 名 词 和 不 可 数 名 词 前 。 Pann Tian’anmen Square, milk, Miller’s Clothes
L _ tore, Class 9

— It’s her ruler.
名 词 前 已 有 作 定 请 的 this，that，my，| How much are these trousers?
your, some, any, each, every 等 代 | This bookis really interesting.

词 。 Some boys are playing in the snow.
I think every home will have a robot.
ig By ease A She thinks talk shows are wonderful.
BSUS ee Tt Llike elephants because they are cute.
+e Can you come to my party on Saturday?
ce: © Bilis WEL s A special day in the United States is Thanksgiving.
| My science teacher is Mr. Chen.

在 称呼 语 、 头 衔 和 职务 等 名 称 前 。 — Don't run in the hallways.
_ 一 Sorry Ms. Clark.
在 一 日 三 餐 前 。 For lunch, she likes hamburgers, salad and oranges.
在 球 类 运动 的 名 称 前 Can you play soccer?

° | Do you play tennis?
FAY een ch at home/school, by train, go to school/bed, on time,

| at night/noon, after class/school, be late for school

VI. 连词 (Conjunctions)

用 来 连接 词 与 词 、 短 语 与 短语 ， 以 及 句子 与 句子 的 虚词 叫做 连词 。 连 词 在 句 中 不 能 单
独 作 句 子 成 分 ， 一 般 不 重读 。 连 词 按 其 性 质 可 分 为 两 类 : 并 列 连词 和 从 属 连词 。

TI， 并 列 连 词 (Coordinate Conjunctions)

并 列 连词 是 指 用 以 连接 并 列 的 单词 、 短 语 、 从 句 或 句子 的 连词 。 常 见 的 并 列 连词 有 :
and，but，for，or，so，both ...and ..，not only.…but also.… 等 ， 例 如 ，

Becky and her father often watch NBA games.

Are you going to have a picnic on Saturday or on Sunday?

He got up very early this morning, but still he’s late for school.

2. 从属 连 词 (Subordinate Conjunctions)

从 属 连词 是 指 用 以 引导 从 名 的 连词 。 常 见 的 从 属 连 词 有 : when, while, as, after,
before, until, if, because, although, though, than, assoonas 等 ， 例 如 :

Adam always finishes his homework before he plays football.

She can’t go to school because she is ill today.

注 : 在 同一 个 句子 中 , though (although) but, because 与 so 不 可 同时 使 用 。 例 如 :

(1183
Cee ccceccaccervesececcnsccosenassacescessesccesessscesesccoes Grammar 。。。。。。。。。。。。，

(x) Though she was ill, but she was listening to the report carefully. (要 么 删 去 but;

ZIM though)

(x) Because her parents died, so she had to make a living by herself. (AMA
because; 2A iF so)

VIL. 4 -$- fy nk 47 ( Parts of a Sentence )

组 成 句子 的 各 个 部 分 叫做 句子 的 成 分 ， 即 :

主语 、

定语 和 状 请 。 主 语 和 谓语 是 句子 的 主体 部 分 。

谓语 、

表 语 、 宾 语 、 宾 语 补 足 语 、

句子 成 分 意 义 例 句
主语 mehr ike lias ee 或 a cpa Lucy is an American girl.
The Subject 词 或 短语 等 充当 。 She often goes to the movies.
说 明 主 语 “ 做 什么 ”、 “是 什么 ”或 者 “ 怎 .
We | 么 样 "。 谓语 (谓语 部 分 主要 的 词 ) 用 动 | (Weare both quick,
The Predicate | 词 。 谓 语 和 主语 在 “人 称 ” 和 “ 数 ” 两 方 | His pare ae math
面 必须 一 致 。
jog | 说 明 主 酒 “是 什么 ”或 者 “怎么 样 "、 由 | Her motheris abank clerk
The Predicative etal < asian FS We vere at home last night.
或 短语 等 充当 ， 和 系 动词 一 起 构成 谓语 。 | Ttt
astes great.
gem | 表示 动作 、 行 为 的 对 象 ， 由 和 名词、 代词 或 | Letme tllyouwhatheis
相当 于 名 词 的 词 或 短语 等 充当 ， 和 及 物 动 a
The Object Raa SEE Gi i Hes playing soccer.
词 起 说 明 主 清 “做 什么 Can I ask some questions?
宾语 补足 语 | 用 来 补足 宾语 意义 ， 一 般 置 于 宾语 之 后 ， | [found the Dookvery
The Object | 由 名 词 、 形 容 词 、 不 定式 、 动 名 词 、 分 | ee
= ly mother wants me to
Complement | 词 、 介 词 短 语 等 充当 。 drink it,
定语 用 来 修饰 名 词 或 代词 。 作 定语 的 除 形容 词 | Peel three bananas.
Te Atttibat 外 ， 还 有 代词 、 数 词 、 名 词 、 介 词 短 语 或 | Whats your name, please?
"| 相当 于 形容 词 的 词 或 短语 等 。 Shes a good basketball player.
来 修饰 动词 、 形 容 词 或 副词 ， 一 般 表 示 | like it very much.
状语 行为 发 生 的 时 间 、 地 点 、 目 的 、 方 式 、 程 | People are all working hard.
The Adverbial | 度 等 意义 ， 通 常 由 副词 、 介 词 短语 或 相当 | HongKongis not very cold
于 副词 的 词 或 短 i el in winter.

4149)

VIL 句子 的 类 型 (Types of Sentences)
1， 句 子 按 其 结构 可 分 为 以 下 几 种 类 型

seeesesessssess ramar。* 和 eeeeseoeoeeeeeeeeeseeeeeeeeeeeeeosoeeoeoeoeooeseeseeeeseeeoeoeoeoeeee

=

类 别 构 成 例 名
简单 句 个 主语 (或 并 列 主 | I get up at sixin the morning.
The Simple | 语 ) 和 一 个 谓语 ( 或 并 | My mother and I often go shopping.
Sentence 列 谓 语 ) 构成 的 句子 。 | Some students walk or ride bikes to school.
列 连 词 (and，so， Se doesn’t like science, and she thinks it is
并 列 名 boring.
The Compound but, or) 把 两 个 或 Ed has a great sports collection, but he doesn’t
Sentence PEPSI ae play sports.
je TEL School starts at eight, so I get up at six thirty.
复合 句 | 由 一 个 主 句 和 一 个 或 一 | What do you want to be when you grow up?
The Complex ， 个 以 上 的 从 名 构成 的 句 | Ithink Screen City has the most comfortable
Sentence 子 。 seats.

2. Ay APA ( Five Kinds of Simple Sentences )

| 谓语 部 分 Predicate
| ILI
类 别 主语 “| ”谓语 动词 表 语 宾语 Object
Subject (S)| Verb (V) | Predicative(P)| Object (O) | Complement
| _ (OC)
| 第 1 种 We exercise.
S+V (不 及 物 动 词 ) |
ea I Le bananas.
+V+O (及 物 动词 ) |
第 3 种 | are
S4V4P They | ( 系 动词 ) | students.
第 4 种 gave me apen.
S+V+indirect She a (间接 (ERE
O+direct O (Rare) | iH) KIB)
第 5 种 made
| S#V+0+0C He (及 物 动词 ) | the boy laugh.

Pevccccsovosccscccocscccsosssscccoess Words and Expressions in Each Unit 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

Words and Expressions in Each Unit

GE: 在 本 词 表 中 ， 重 点 词汇 用 黑体 标 出 。
在 英 式 发 音 和 美式 发 音 有 区 别 时 ， 英 式 发 音 在 前 ， 美 式 发 音 在 后 。 )

Unit 1 activity /ak'trvati/ n. 活 动 p-S
anyone /'eniwan/ pron. fE {ALA p.2 decide /di'said/ v. Rye; 选 定 p.s
anywhere /‘eniweo/, /‘eniwer/ try /trar/v.dén. Sik; 设法 ; BA pS

4 号 在 任何 地 方 p.2 paragliding /‘peraglardin/
wonderful /'wanda(r)fl/ adj. HHH; nies ps

绝妙 的 p2 feel like 给 …… 的 感觉 ;感受 到 p.S
few /fju:/ adj. & pron. AZ; 很 少 p2 bird /bsx(r)d/n.& p-5
quite afew 相当 多 ; 不 少 p-2 bicycle /barsikl/ n. 自行 车 脚踏车“p.S
most /maeust/ building /bzldmy/ nm. 建筑 物 ， 房子。 P.5$

adj. adv. & pron. RA; KBR p2 trader /'trerdo(r)/n. HA pS
something /'sam@1n/ pron. 34; 某 物 p3 wonder /‘wanda(r)/ v. AAA; RE p.S
nothing /'naOm/ pron. 没有 什么 ; difference /‘difrans/n. 差别 ; 差异 pS

没有 一 件 东西 p.3 top /tpp/ /ta:p/n. TAB; 表面 P.5
everyone / evriwAn/ pron. 每 人 ; wait /welt/ 等待; 等 候 P.5

人 人 ; 所 有 人 p-3 ”umbrella /am'brela/n. 4; Ha p.s
of course /kox(r)s/ 4%; 自然 p-3 wet /wet/ adj. MH); 潮湿 的 ;
myself /mar'self/ pron. RAG; KAA p3 “PRAY ps
yourself /jo:(r)'self/ pron. because of 因为 pS

(pl. yourselves /jo:(r)'selvz/ ) below /b1'lou/ prep. & adv.

你 自己 ; 您 自己 P.3 在 …… 下 面 ; 到 …… 下 面 ps
hen /hen/ n. £454 p-3 enough /1'naf/ adj. & adv. HABE (hth);
pig /pig/ 1.34 p3 充足 的 《地 ); 充分 的 (地 ) P.S
seem /siim/ 好 像 ; 似乎 ; 看 来 p3 hungry /‘hangri/ adj. DURES ps
bored /bo:(r)d/ adj. 厌倦 的 ; as /zz; 9Z/ adv. 像 …… 一 样 ; 如 同

烦闷 的 P.3 conj. 当 …… 时 ;如 同 p.6
someone /'samwan/ pron. HLA p3 = hill /hil/n/bu; We p.6
diary /‘datori/n. Hid; ii pP.3 duck /dak/n. 95 p-7
enjoyable /in'd3or1abl/ adj. 有 乐趣 的 ; dislike /dis'latk/ v. &n.

令 人 愉快 的 ps 不 喜爱 ( 的 事物 ); 厌恶 (的 事物 ) P.7

2
Central Park 中 央 公园 〈 美国 纽约 ) p.2
Huangguoshu Waterfall /'wo:ta(r)fo:l/

黄果树 瀑布 (贵州 ) P.2
Hong Kong / hoy kpD/ /hao ka:n/

香港 〈 中华 人民 共和 国 特别 行政 区 )p.4
Malaysia /ma'le130/ 马来西亚 pS
Malaysian /mo'ler3n/ adj. 马来西亚 的

n, 马来西亚 人 ps
Georgetown /'d39:(r)d3taun/

乔治 市 〈 马 来 西亚 ) ps

Weld /weld/ Quay /ki 海域 街 ps
Penang /pr'nen/ Hill 槟 城山

( 马来西亚 ) P.5
Tiananmen Square /skwes/ /skwer/

天 安 门 广场 p.7
the Palace /'palas/ Museum

故宫 博物 院 p.7
Mark /ma:(r)k/ 356 (B4 ) P.3
Unit 2
housework /‘hausw3:(r)k/

1. 家 务 劳动 ; RBS P.9
hardly/ha'G)dliy adv. 几乎 不 ;

几乎 没有 po

ever /'eva(r)/
adv. 在 任何 时 候 ; NOR; 曾经 p9
hardly ever 几乎 从 不 po

once /wans/ adv. 一 次 ; 曾经 p.10
twice /twats/ adv. 两 次 ; 两 倍 p.10
Internet / Inte(r)net/

n.( 国际 ) 互联 网 ;因特网 p.10
program /'prougrem/

n. (=programme ) 节目 p.10

122)

‘eccscseccooeee Words and Expressions in Each Unit 。。。。。。。。。*。。。*。。*。*。。。。。。。eeeeeoeeeeeoeese。

full /ful/ adj. 1h; 满 的 ; 充满 的 P.10
swing /swID/ 刀 摆动 ; 秋千
v. (swung /sway/ ) (使 ) 摆动 ;

摇摆 p.10
swing dance 摇摆 舞 p.10
maybe /'metbi/ adv. Ki; RIF;

可 能 P.11
least /li:st/ adv. 最 小 ; 最 少

adj, & pron. 最 小 的 ; 最 少 的 p.11
at least 至 少 ; 不 少 于 ; 起 码 P.11
junk /d3ank/

n 无 用 的 东西 ; 无 价值 的 东西 p12
junk food 垃圾 食品 p.12
coffee /‘kpfi/, /‘ko:fi/ n. OME p.12
health /hel6/ n. 健康;， 人 的 身体

(或 精神 ) 状态 p.12
result /ri'zalt/n. 43; 后 果 p.13
percent /pa(r)'sent/ n. (=per cent )

百 分 之 …… p.13

online /,pn'lain/, /,am'lam/
adj. & adv. TER (的 ) 联网 (的 )P.13
television /'telrvign/ n. 电视 节目 ;

电视 机 p.13
although /9:1'3au/ conj. B&R; 尽管 ;
即使 p.l3

through /@ru:/ prep. Ui; 凭借 ; 穿 过 p.13

mind /maind/ n. 头脑 ;心智 p13
body /'bodi/, /"ba:di/ n. 34% p.13
such /SAtf/ adj. & pron.

这 样 的 ; 那样 的 ; 类 他 的 p.13
such as 例如 ;， 像 …… 这 样 p.13
together /to'geda(r)/ adv. 在 一 起 ;

共同 p.13
die /dat/ vi; 灭亡 ; 死亡 p13
Cevccccccsccvcccocscccocoocosesscoeses Words and Expressions in Each Unit 。。。。。。。。*。。。。

writer /‘rarta(r)/ 由 作者 ; 作家 p-l4 quietly /‘kwarotli/ adv. 轻声 地 ;

dentist /'dentist/ n. 牙科 医生 pls 轻柔 地 ， 安 静 地 P.17
magazine /,mzgo'ziin/, hard-working /,ha:(r)d'w3:(r)k1y/
/'megoazimn/n. 杂志; 期刊 p.lsS 4a 丰 工作 努力 的 ; 辛勤 的 Pp.I8
however /hau'eva(r)/ adv. iii; competition / kompo'tifn/,
不 过 p.1s / ka:mpa'tyfn/ n. 比赛 ; 竞赛 ;
than /dan; den/ prep. & conj. 竞争 P.18
(用 以 引出 比较 的 第 二 部 分 ) 比 ”Pp.15 fantastic /feen'testik/
more than 多 于 pls adj. Bor; 了 不 起 的 P.18
almost/ olmaust/ adv. 几乎 ; 差不多 pP.16 which /witf/ pron. & adj. BJ;
none /nan/ pron. 没有 一 个 ; 毫 无 p.16 哪 一 些 p.18
less /les/ adv. 较 少 ; 较 小 clearly /‘klrali/, /klrli/
adj. & pron. 较 少 的 ; 更 少 的 p.16 adv. 清楚 地 ; 清晰 地 ; 明白 地 = p.18
less than 少 于 p.16 = win/win/ v. (won /wan/ )
point /point/ 1.7843; 点 获胜 ; 赢 ; 赢得 p.18
vt; 指向 p16 though /d0u/ adv. 不 过 ; 可 是 ; 然而
conj. BIR; 尽管 ; 不 过 P.18
Claire /klee/ /kler/ 克莱尔 ( 女 名 ) p.10 talented /'telontid/
Sue /su:/ 休 ( 女 名 ) pll adj. 有 才能 的 ; AA THN p.20
truly /‘tru:li/ adv. 真正 ， 确 实 P.20
American Teenager /tiineld5e(T)/ care /kee/ /ker/v.#EE; 担忧 ; 关心 P.20
《美国 青少年 》( 文中 为 虚构 的 care about 关心 ; 在 意 P.20
杂志 名 称 ) P.15 laugh /la:f/, /lef/vK; RK
n. 笑 声 p.20
Unit 3 serious /'storios/, /'sirios/
outgoing / autgauID/ adj. 爱 交 际 的 ; adj. PN; 稳重 的 P.21
友好 的 ; 外 向 的 P.I7 mirror /'mira(r)/n. BEF p.21
both /bou0/ adj. & pron. Fit; kid /kid/ n. 小孩 ; 年 轻 人 P.21
两 个 都 p.17 aslong as 只 要 ; 既然 p.21
better /'beta(r)/ adj. & adv. necessary /'nesasari/, /‘nesaseri/
( good fil well #4 LEBER ) adj. 必需 的 ; 必要 的 p.21
较 好 的 (地 ); 更 好 的 (地 ) p.17 “be different from 与 …… 不 同 ;
loudly /'laudli/ ee BEF p.21
adv. 喧闹 地 ; 大 声 地 ; 响亮 地 = p.17 ”bring out 使 显现 ; 使 表现 出 P.21
grade /greId/7. 成 绩 等 级 ; 评分 等 级 p.21
should /fud; fad/

modal v. WiiK; 应 当 ; 可 以 p.2l
the same as 和 …… 相 同 ; 与 …… 一 致 D21

saying /'serm/n. ia; 格言 ; 警句 p.21
reach /ri'tf/ v 伸手 ; 到 达 ; 抵达 。 P.21
hand /heend/ n. ¥ p.21
touch /tatl/ v. 感动 ; 触摸 p21
heart /ha:(r)t/ 1. Abb; 心脏 p.21
fact /feekt/n. 现实 ; 事实 P.21
infact 确切 地 说 ; 事实 上 ; KE p2l
break /bretk/ v.( broke /brauk/ )

(使 ) 破 ; 裂 ; 碎 ; 损坏 P.21
arm /a:(r)m/n. FH; LAK p.21
share /Seo/, /fer/ v. 分 享 ; 共享 ;

共用 ; 分 摊 P.21
loud /laud/ adj. 响亮 的 ; 大 声 的 。 p.22
similar /'stmola(r)/ adj. 相像 的 ;

类 似 的 P.22
be similar to 与 …… 相 像 的 、 类 似 的 _p.22
Primary/ PraImaeri/ /‘prarmeri/

adj. 最 初 的 ; 最 早 的 p.24
primary school 小 学 p.24
information / info(r)'merfn/

刀 . 信息; 消息 p.24
Tara /'ta:ra/, /‘tero/ HH (2%) p17
Sam /szem/ 萨 姆 〈《 男 名 ) p.17
Nelly /'neli/ A#i (4% ) p.18
Larry /‘leri/ 拉 里 《〈 男 名 ) p.21
Unit 4
theater /'O19ta/, /'i:otor/

n. (=theatre ) 戏院 ; 剧场 p.25

v1 24)

essesssesessses Words and Expressions in Each Unit ecccecccccccccccccccccccceccccvecscoss:

comfortable /‘kamfa(r)tabl/
adj. 使 人 舒服 的 ; 舒适 的 P.25
seat /si:t/n. 座位 ; 坐 处 〈 如 椅子 等 ) p.25

screen /Skri'n/ 7. 银幕 ; 屏幕 p.25

close /klous/ a 丰 (在 空间 、 时 间 上 )
接近 p.25

ticket /'trkit/n. 票 ; 人 场 券 p.25

worst /w3:(r)st/ adj. & adv.
(bad 和 badly 的 最 高 级 ) 最 差 (HY);

最 坏 (的 ); 最 糟 (的 ) p.26
cheaply /'tfispli/ adv. 便宜 地 ;

ARES p.26
song /spy/, /somy/n.iK; 歌曲 p.26
DJ /'di:dger/n. (HA. BRA,

俱乐部 的 ) 音乐 节目 主持 人 p.26
choose /tfu:z/ v. ( chose /tfauz/ )

选择 ; 挑选 p.26
carefully /'keofali/, /‘kerfali/

adv. 细致 地 ; 小 心地 ; TE —p.26
reporter /r1'po:(r)ta(r)/ n. 记者 p.26
sofar 到 目前 为 止 ， 迄 今 为 目 p.26
fresh /他 ef adj. 新 鲜 的 ; 清新 的 p.26
comfortably /'kamfa(r)tabli/

adv, 舒服 地 ; 舒适 地 p.26

worse /wai(r)s/ adj. & adv.
(bad 和 badly 的 比较 级 ) 更 差 (HY);

更 坏 (的 ); 更 糟 (的 ) p.27
service /'s3:(r)vis/ 71. 接待 ;服务 — p.27
pretty /'priti/ adv. 相当 ; 十 分 ; 很

adj. 漂亮 的 p.27
menu /'menju:/ n. 菜单 p.27
act /eekt/v. HHH n. 表演 者 p.27
meal /mi:l/ n.  ( M4F. ME) 餐 ;

一 餐 所 吃 的 食物 p.27
creative /kri'c1tiv/

adj. 有 创造 力 的 ; 创造 性 的 p.28
performer /pa(r)'fo:(r)ma(r)/

n. 表演 者 ; 演员 p.28
talent /'‘telont/n. AYE; 天 赋 p.29
have ... in common 有 相同 特征 ;

〈 想 法 、 兴 趣 等 方面 ) 相同 p.29
magician /mo'd3ifan/ n. 魔术 师 p.29

all kinds of 各 种 类 型 的 ; 各 种 各 样 的 p.29
beautifully /bju:trfli/ adv. 美好 地 ;

漂亮 地 p.29
beupto 是 …… 的 职责 ; A RE p29
role /raul/n. (EFA; 职能 ; 角色 p.29
playarole 发 挥 作用 ; 有 影响 P.29
winner /'wino(r)/ 1. 获胜 者 ;

优胜 者 p.29
prize /praiz/n.%; 奖品 ; 奖金 p.29

everybody /‘evribpdi/, /‘evriba:di/

pron. A; AA; 所 有 人 p.29
make up 编造 (故事 、 谎 言 等 ) P.29
example /Ig zampl/ /ITg'zampl/

n. 实例; 范例 p.29
for example 例如 p.29
poor /po:(r), pus/, /pur/

aG. RAN; 清贫 的 p.29
seriously /'storiasli/, /'striasli/

adv. 严重 地 ; Path; ABH = p.29
take... seriously 认真 对 待 …… P.29

give /giv/ v. (gave/gerv/ ) 提供 ; 44 p.29
crowded /'kraudid/

ad. AZ; 拥挤 的 ; 挤 满 的 p.3l
Greg /greg/ 格雷 格 ( 男 名 ) p.26
Depp /dep/ 德 普 ( 姓 ) p.27

eoeccceccsscescccccccccescvcsccssooss Words and Expressions in Each Unit 。。。。。。。。。。。*。。。。

Danny /'deni/fHE ( 男 名 ) p.27
Eliza /1'larzo/ FIN (2% ) p.28
Vera /'viara/, /‘viro/ Bat (ZA) p.28
Dennis /'denis/ 丹尼斯 (AZ ) p.28
American Idol /‘ardl/ 美国 偶像

(文中 为 电视 节目 名 称 ) p.29
America’s Got Talent 美国 达 人 秀

(文中 为 电视 节目 名 称 ) p.29
China’s Got Talent 中 国 达 人 秀

(文中 为 电视 节目 名 称 ) p.29
Unit 5

sitcom /'sitkom/, /'sitka:m/
n, ( =situation comedy ) 情景 喜剧 p.33
news /nju:z/, /nu:z/ n. 新 闻 节 目 ，

新 闻 p.33
soap /Seup/ opera /'ppra/, /"a:prey/

肥皂 剧 p.33
mind /maind/ v. 介意 ; 对 ( 某 事 )

烦恼 p.33
stand /stand/ ( stood /stud/ )

忍受 ; 站 立 P.33
educational /,ed5u kerfanl/

ad. AAW; BAAR LH p.34
plan /plen/v.&n.418; 计划 p34
hope /houp/ v. & n. #2 p.34
find out 查 明 ; FAA p.34
discussion /di'skafn/n.itve; a p.34
happen /‘hepon/ v. KA; 出 现 p.34
expect /tk'spekt/ v. HUB; HAAR = p.34
joke /dzouk/n. Ris; WR p35
comedy /'kpmodi/, /'ka:modi/

nel; BAH p.35

525)
meaningless /'mi:nmlos/

adj. ZLB; 意思 不 明确 的 “P.36

action /akfny/ n. 473) p.36
action movie 动作 影片 p.36
cartoon /ka:(r)'tun/ n. 动画 片 ;

卡通 片 p.36
culture /'kaltfa(r)/n. 304; CH p.37
famous /'fermas/ adj. #4 MN;

出 名 的 p.37
appear /3 piles/ /o'pir/ v. 出 现 p.37
become /b1'kAm/ v.( became

/br kermy ) 开始 变 得 ; 变 成 p.37
rich /ritf/ adj. BARN p.37
successful /Sek sesfl/

adj. 获得 成 功 的 ; 有 成 就 的 p37
might /mart/ modal v. 可 能 ; 可 以 p.37

main /mein/ adj. 主要 的 ; 最 重要 的 p37

reason /'riizn/n. 原因 ; 理由 p.37
common /kpman/ /‘ka:man/

adj. 普通 的 ; 常见 的 p.37
film /film/n.( = movie ) 电影 p.37
unlucky /an'laki/ adj. 不 幸 的 ;

不 吉利 的 p.37
lose /lu:z/ v. (lost /lpst/ /la:st/ )

失去 ; BR p.37
girlfriend /'g3:(r)lfrend/ n. kK  p.37

ready /‘redi/ adj. 愿意 的 ; 准备 好 的
be ready to 准备 好 (做 某 事 );

p.37

愿意 〈 做 某 事 ) P.37
character /'keerakta(r)/ 1. AY;

Af p.37
simple /SImpl/ adj. 简单 的 ;

易 做 的 p.37
dress up 装扮 ; 乔装 打扮 p.39

126)

eececccsesoees Words and Expressions in Each Unit 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。oeeoeeooeeeeeeoe+

take sb’s place 代替 ; 替换 p.39
army /'a:(r)mi/n. fi; KAA p39
doa good job 干 得 好 p.39

Sarah /'seara/, /'sero/ Ht (4%) p34

Walt /wo:lt/ Disney /'dizni/
沃尔特 .迪斯尼

Minnie /'mini/ AYE ( 女 名 )

p.37
p.37

Mickey Mouse / miki 'maus/ 5K p.37
Steamboat Willie / stimbout 'wili/
迪士尼 公司 制作 的 全 球 第 一 部
有 声 动画 片 《 威 利 号 汽 朋 》
Hollywood/hpliwud/ /‘ha:liwud/

P.37

好 莱 坞 ;美国 电影 p.37
the Hollywood Walk of Fame /ferm/

好 莱 坞 星光 大 道 (美国 ) p.37
Unit 6
growup KA; 成 熟 ; 成 长 pl
computer programmer

/'prougrema(r)/ 计算 机 程序

设计 员 ;， 编程 人 员 p.41
cook /kuk/n. SH) 六 亮 饪 ; 者 p-4l
doctor /'dokta/, /‘da:kto(r)/

n, 医生 p41
engineer /,end31'nio/, /,end31'nir/

1 工程 师 p41
violinist / vaio'linist/n./MESF pl
driver /'drarva(r)/n. 驾驶 员 ; 司机 p4l
pilot /‘pailot/n. 47TH p.41
pianist /'pronist/ 1. WER p4l
scientist /‘sarontist/n. 科学 家 p.41
be sure about 确信 ; 对 …… 有 把 握 p.42
make sure 确保 ; 查 明 P.42
college /’kplid3/, /'ka:lid3/

nb; 大 学 ;高 等 专科 学 校 。 p.43
education /,edzu'kerfn/n. AF  p.43
medicine /medsn 'medisn/

1. 药 ; 医学 p.43
university / jumt'va:(r)sati/

n. (Fete) 大 学 ; SE p43
London /'landan/ 伦敦 p.43
article /'a:(r)tikl/n. XH; 论文  p.43
send /send/ v. (sent /sent/ )

邮寄 ; 发 送 p.43
resolution /,rezo'luifn/n. 2b; 决定 p.44
team /ti:m/n. BA; 组 p.44
make the soccer team

成 为 足球 队 的 一 员 p.44
foreign /'foron/, /‘fo:ron/

adj, 外 国 的 p.44
able /‘erbl/ adj, 能 够 p.45
beable to 能 够 做 某 事 P.45
question /'kwestfan/ v. 表示 疑问 ;

怀疑 ; 提问 ; 质询 p.45
meaning /'mimm/n.&&; EE  p.4S
discuss /drIskAs/ 讨论 ; 商量 p.45
promise /'promis/, /‘pra:mis/

九 承 诺 ; an vB; 承诺 p.45

beginning /b1'gmuy/ n. 开头 ; 开端

at the beginning of 在 …… 开 始 p.45
improve /1m'pru:v/ v. 改进 ; 改善 ”p.45
write down 写 下 ; 记录 下 p.45
physical /'fizikl/ adj. 3684 p45
themselves /Sam'selvz/

pron. fh (th. ©) 们 自己 p.45

have to do with 关于 ， 与 …… 有 关系 ps

ee Words and Expressions in Each Unit 。.。。。。。。。。。。。

self-improvement /,self 1m'pru:vmont/

n. 自我 改进 ， 自 我 提高 p.45
take up 〈 尤 指 为 消 遗 ) 学 着 做 ;

开始 做 ps
hobby /‘hobi/, /“ha:bi/n. WRB p.4S
paint /pernt/ v. 用 颜料 画 ;

在 …… 上 上 刷 油 漆 p.45
weekly /‘wi:kli/ adj. & adv.

每 周 的 (地 ) P.45
schoolwork /'sku:lw3:(r)k/

n. FRED; 功课 p.4s
own /aun/ adj. & pron. 自己 的 ;

本 人 的 p.47
personal /'p3:(r)sonl/

adj. FAM: BAH p.47
relationship /r1'ler{nfip/n. RA;

联系 p.47
Andy /'endi/ i ( 男 名 ) p-42
Ken /ken/ # (8% ) p.42
Hemingway /‘heminwe1/

海明威 ( 姓 ) P.42
Kelly/keli/ 凯 莉 ( 女 名 ) p.43

The Old Man and the Sea《 老 人 与 海 》

(美国 作家 海明威 的 小 说 ) P.42
Unit 7
paper /‘perpa(r)/n. Ak; 纸张 p.49

pollution /pa'lu:fn/ 1.253; TRY p.so
prediction /pri'dik{n/n. 预言 ;预测 p.50

future /'fjurtfo(r)/n 将 来 ; 未 来 p.50
pollute /po'lu:t/v. 75% p.50

environment /in' valronmont/ n. 4% p.50

4127)
veccescceovees Words and Expressions in Each Unit ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccsccccccccs

planet /'plenit/n.77£ p.S0 falldown 突然 倒 下 ;跌倒 ; BR = p.53

earth /3:(r)0/ n. 地球; 世界 p.50 inside /in'sard/ adv. & prep.

plant /pla:nt/, /pleent/ v. PH 在 …… 里 面 p.53
n p50 look for 寻找 ; 寻求 p.53

part /pa:(r)t/ n. 部 分 了 p.S0 possible /ppssbl/ /‘pa:sabl/

Playapart 参与 ;发 挥 作 用 p.50 adj. 可 能 存在 或 发 生 的 ; 可 能 的 ”p.S3

peace /pi:s/n. 和 平 p-51 impossible /Im ppssbl/ /1m'pa:sobl/

sea /si:/ 1. 海 ; 海洋 p51 adj. APY REFFTER AAW) ;

build /bild/ v. ( built /brlt/ ) 不 可 能 的 p-53
建筑 ; 建造 P.51 side /said/n.—7i (的 意见 、 态 度 、

sky /skar/ 7. 天 空 p.S1 立场 ) p.54

astronaut /‘zstrono:t/ n. 宇航 员 ; probably /'probabli/, /'pra:bobli/
MAR p.52 adv. 4871 BE; 大 概 p.55

apartment /a'pa:(r)tmont/n. ABE p52 — during /djuerm/ /‘durm/

rocket /'rokit/, /‘ra:kit/ n. K 8 p.52 prep. 在 …… 期 间 Pp.55

space /SpeIs/ 凡 太空 ; 空间 P.52 holiday /‘holader/, /‘ha:lode1/

space station 太空 站 ; FRA p52 n. 假期 ; 假日 P.55

human /hjumen/ adj. Af n. A p53 word /ws:(r)d/n. Sia]; 词 p.56

servant /'s3:(r)vant/n.{hA p.53

- dangerous /'deind3eras/ Nick /ntk/ 尼克 ( 男 名 ) p.50

adj. 有 危险 的 ; 不 安全 的 P.S3 James /dzeimz/ fie (8% ) p.53

already /o:l'redi/adv 已 经 ; 早已 p53 White /wart/ 怀 特 ( 姓 ) p.53

factory /faektri faektari/ 刀 工厂 p53
over and over again 多 次 ; 反复 地 p53 Unit8

Japan /d30'pen/ 日 本 p53 shake /fetk/ n. & v. ( shook /fuk/ )
believe /br'li:v/v. 相信 ; 认为 有 可 能 p53 HE; Bos p.S7
disagree / diso'gri:/v. AAE; milkshake 93# p.57

持 不 同意 见 ， 有 分 歧 p53 blender /'blenda(r)/ 刀 .食物 搅拌 器 p.S7
even /ivn/ adv. 甚至 ; 连 ; 愈加 p53 turnon 接 通 (电流 、 煤 气 、 水 等 );
agree /o'gri:/ v. 同意 ; Pa; 应 多 p.S3 打开 p.57
hundreds of 许多 ; KE p53 peel /pi:l/vu. WK; 去 皮 p.57
shape /Sep/n. 形状 ; SNE p53 pour/po:(r)/v. Al; 倾倒 p.57
fall /fo:1/ v. (fell /fel/) & n. fAlH8; yogurt /'jpgat/, /jsugart/

跌倒 ; PE n.(Sex0) 秋天 P.S3 n. (=yoghurt ) 酸奶 p-58

1128)
Deeccccccccccccccccccccosecosscososcs Words and Expressions in Each Unit 。。。。。。。。。。。。。

honey /‘hani/ un. 蜂蜜 p58 pepper /'pepa(r)/ n. BUM; HIF p.61
watermelon /'wo:to(r)melon/ fill /fil/ v.18) 充满 ; 装 满 p-61
n. FE p58 oven /'avn/ 1.5 AR; REI p.61
spoon /spuin/n.4]; i413 p58 plate /pleit/n.&F; RT p61
pot /pot/, /part/ n. #4 p58 cover /‘kava(r)/ viii; 覆盖
add /ed/ v. 增加 ; 添加 p.58 nD, 盖子 p61
finally /'famnoli/ adv. 最 后 ; 最 终 pS8  gravy/'greivi/n. (FAR) 肉汁 p-61
salt /soilt/n. 食盐 p58 serve /s3i(r)v/ v. 接待 ; 服务 ; 提供 p.62
sugar /'fugo(r)/n. BH p59 temperature /'tempratfo(r)/
cheese /tfi:z/ n. FR; Hk p.S9 nie; 气温 ; 体温 p.62
popcorn /'popko:n/, /‘pa:pko:rn/
ne 爆 米花 p.39 Unit9
corn /kox(r)n/ 1. EA; 谷物 p.59 prepare /prrpee/ /pri'per/
machine /mo'fi:n/ n. 机 器 ; v. 使 做 好 准备 ;把 …… 准 备 好 p65
机 械 装置 了 B.S9 prepare for 为 …… 做 准备 P.65
dig /dig/ v. (dug /dag/ ) 掘 ( 地 ); exam /1g'zam/ n. (=examination )
CW); (4) ps9 考试 p.65
hole /hsul/ n. #; FL; 坑 p59 gotothe/adoctor 去 看 医生 p.65
sandwich /'senwitf, 'senwid3/ flu /flu 7. 流 行 性 感冒 ;流感 p.65
nA; 三 明治 p-60 available /a veIlsbl/ adj. 有 空 的 ;
butter /'bato(r)/ n. 黄油 ; 奶油 p.60 可 获得 的 p.66
turkey /'ta:(r)ki/ n. x8 p-60 anothertime 其 他 时 间 ; 别 的 时 间  p.66
lettuce /‘letis/n. BE; 生菜 p60 until /an'til/ conj. & prep. 到 …… 时 ;
piece /piis/n. +; 块 ; 段 p.60 直到 …… 为 止 p.66
Thanksgiving /,Ozenks'grvin/n. REA p61 hang /hen/ v. (hung /han/ )
traditional /tra'difanl/ adj. e264; 悬挂 ; 垂下 p.66
惯例 的 p.61 hangout 闲逛 ; 常 去 某 处 p.66
autumn /'s:tam/n. 秋天 ; 秋季 p-61 catch /kaetf/ v. ( caught /koxt/ )
traveler /'traevolo(r)/ n. ( =traveller ) 及 时 赶 上 ; 接 住 ; 抓 住 p.66
漂泊 者 ; 旅行 者 ;游客 p61 invite /im'vart/ v. 邀请 p.67
England /'ngland/ 英格兰 p-61 accept /ak'sept/ v. 接受 p.67
celebrate / selibrert/ 7 庆祝; 庆贺 p.6l refuse /ri'fjuiz/ v. 拒绝 p.67
mix/miks/ 1. 混合 配料 the day before yesterday 前 天 p.68
vf) 混合 ; 融合 p61 the day after tomorrow 后 天 p.68

$129
pevcecccccoese Words and Expressions in Each Unit eccccccccccscccccvccccscvcccvcccccccce:

weekday /'wi:kder/ n. C/E A event /i'vent/n. KH; 公开 活动 ;

(星期 一 至 星期 五 的 任何 一 天 ) p68 比赛 项 目 P.71
look after 照料 ;照顾 P.68 guest /gest/ 刀 客人 ; 宾客 p.71
invitation / nvi'terf{n/n. 邀请 ; FR p.69 calendar /'kelinda(r)/ n. 日 历 ;
turn down 拒绝 p.69 日 程 表 p.72
reply /rrplar 回答; 答复 p-69 daytime /"deitarmy 7. 白天; 日 间 p.72
forward /'fo:(r)wa(r)d/

ve; 发 送 adv 向 前 ; ATH p69 Ted /ted/ 1 (BS ) p.65
delete /dr'li:t/ v. 删除 p69 May /mer/t (&% ) p.66
print /print/v. 打印 ;印刷 p.69 Vince /vins/ 3X (4% ) p.68
sad /sed/ adj. (SA) AEN); Steen /sti'n/ 斯 蒂 恩 ( 姓 ) p-69

(ZA) 难过 的 p.69 Jake /dzeik/ 杰克 ( 男 名 ) p.69
goodbye /,gud'bat/ interj.&n. EL p69 Susan /'surzn/ HH ( 女 名 ) p.72
take atrip 去 旅行 p.69
glad /gled/ adj. 高 兴 ; 愿意 p-69 Unit 10
help out ( 帮助 …… ) 分 担 工作 、 meeting /'mi:tin/ n. BIL; RA;

解决 难题 p.69 会 面 p.74
preparation / prepa'retfn/ video /'vidiau/ n. RBH; RR  Pp.74

nes; 准备 工作 p.69 ”organize /'o:(r)ganaiz/
glue /glu:/n. Bek p.69 v.(= organise ) 422; 筹备 p-74
without /w1'daut/ prep. A; potato chips /tfips/ 炸 土豆 片 ;

不 〈 做 某 事 ) p.69 KERB p.74
surprised /so(r)'praizd/ chocolate /'t{nklat/, /‘tfa:klot/

4a 丰 惊奇 的 ; 感觉 意外 的 p.69 n 巧克力 p.74
look forward to 盼望 ;期待 p-69 upset /,ap'set/ adj. #Ett; 失望 ; WHI p.75
hear from 接 到 (〈 某 人 的 ) 信 、 电 话 等 p.69 taxi /'teksi/n. 出 租 汽车 ; WE p.75
housewarming /‘hauswo:(r)min/ advice /ad'vais/ n. 劝告 ; 建议 p.75

n. FERS p.70 travel /'trevl/v.&n. itt; HG = p.76
opening /'supnin/ n. TFA; agent /‘erdgont/n. 代理 人 ; 2A p.76

落成 典礼 p.71 expert /‘eksps:(r)t/n. BR p.77
concert /‘konsat/, /'ka:nsart/ keep... to oneself 保守 秘密 p.77

九 音 乐 会; 演奏 会 P.71 teenager /'tine1d3a(r)/
headmaster / ,hed'ma:sta/, n.( 13-19 FB) ) 青少年 p.77

/ hed'meesta(r)/ n. 校长 p-71 normal /'no:(r)ml/ adj. IEW; 一 般 的 P77

1130)
pe ve ccccccccccccscccccscoscossecesoes Words and Expressions in Each Unit 。。。。。。。。。。。。。*。

unless /sn les/ conj. BRIE; 40-278 = p.77 experience /1k'sprorians/,

certainly /'s3:(r)tnli/ /ik'spirions/n. 423; 经 历 p.77
adv. 无 疑 ; 肯定 ; 当然 ; 行 p.77 inhalf 分 成 两 半 p.77
wallet /'wolit/, /'warlit/ n.& = p.77__ halfway / ha:f'wer/, / haf'wet/
mile /mail/n. 英里 p.77 adj. 有 ad 在 中 途 ; 部 分 地 做
angry /‘engri/ adj. 发 怒 的 ; 生气 的 p.77 〈 或 达到 ) p.77
understanding / ,andoa(r)'steendin/ else /els/ adv. 别 的 ; 其 他 的 p.78
adj. 善 解 人 意 的 ; 体谅 人 的 p.77
careless /‘keolas/, /‘kerlos/ Karen /'keeron, 'ka:ron/
adj 粗心 的 ; 不 小 心 的 p.77 KE (ZR) p.73
mistake /mi'stetk/n.fiix; RiR  p.77  Ben/ben/#* (4% ) p.74
himself /him'self/ pron. (8 AG P.77 “Michael/ "markl 迈克 尔 (BA) — p.76
careful /'keofl/, /‘kerfl/ adj. 小 心 的 ; Laura /'lorra/ Wii (4 ) p.77
细致 的 ; 精心 的 ; 慎重 的 p-77 “Mills /mazlz/ 米 尔 斯 ( 姓 ) p.77
advise /od'vaiz/ 14 劝告 ; 建议 p.77 “Robert /TDpbat/ /‘ra:bort/
solve /Sblv/ /sailv/ v. 解决 ; 解答 P.77 罗伯特 (BS ) p.77
step /step/n. 2; 步骤 p.77 Hunt /hant/ #45 (te ) p-77
trust /trAst/ 相信 ; 信任 p-77
eeeeeeeeeeeee Vocabulary Indexesscecvcccccccccccccscccccccncccccccccacccsesescesscess

Vocabulary Index

CH: 在 本 词 表 中 ， 重 点 词汇 用 黑体 标 出 。
在 英 式 发 音 和 美式 发 音 有 区 别 时 ， 英 式 发 音 在 前 ， 美 式 发 音 在 后 。 )

A,

able /‘e1bl/ a 丰 能 够 p.45
accept /ak'sept/ v. 接受 p.67
act /aekt/ v. 扮演 由 表演 者 p.27
action /‘ekfn/ n. 4734 p.36
action movie 动作 影片 p.36
activity /aek'trvati/ n. 活动 ps
add /eed/ v. 增加 ; 添加 p.58
advice /od'vais/n. X14; 建议 p.75
advise /ad'vaiz/ v. 劝告 ; 建议 p.77
agent /‘erdzont/n. 代理 人 ; 42d p.76
agree /a'gri:/v. 同意 ; 赞成 ; Wt p.S3

all kinds of 各 种 类 型 的 ; 各 种 各 样 的 p.29

almost /ao:lmaeust/ adv. 几乎 ;
ERS

already /o:l'redi/ ad 已 经 ; 早已

although /ol 5suy/ conj. 虽然 ; 尽管 ;
即使 p.13

angry/ an0gri/ adj. RH; 生气 的 _p.77

p.16
p.53

another time 其 他 时 间 ; 别 的 时 间  p.66
anyone /‘eniwan/ pron. {E(al A p2
anywhere /'eniweo/, /‘eniwer/

adv. te4£ (HL TT p.2
apartment /o'pa:(r)tmont/

n. 公寓 套房 p.52
appear /o'pio/, /a'pir/ v. 出 现 p.37
arm /ai(r)m/ n. FF; LIK p21

army /'a:(r)mi/ n. f=; BFERBBA  p.39
article /‘a:(r)tikl/ n. C3; 论文 p43

413.2)

as /2ez; 9Z/ adv. 像 …… 一 样 ; 如 同

conj. 当 …… 时 ;， 如同 p.6
aslongas 只 要 ; BES p.21
astronaut /'zestrano:t/ n. 宇航 员 ;

航天 员 P.S2
atleast 至 少 ; 不 少 于 ; 起 码 P.11
at the beginning of 在 …… 开 始 p.45
autumn /'o:tam/n. KK; 秋季 p.61
available /a veIlabl/ adj. 有 空 的 ;

可 获得 的 p-66
B
beable to 能 够 做 某 事 P.45
be different from 与 …… 不 同 ;

与 …… 有 差异 p21
be ready to 准备 好 〈 做 某 事 );

愿意 ( 做 某 事 ) p.37
be similar to 与 …… 相 像 的 、 类 似 的 p.22
be sure about 确信 ; 对 …… 有 把 握 p.42
beupto 是 …… 的 职责 ; 由 …… Baz p.29
beautifully /bju:trfli/ adv. 美好 地 ;

- 漂亮 地 p.29
because of 因为 ps
become /b1'kam/ v. ( became

/bi'kerm/ ) 开始 变 得 ; 变 成 p.37

beginning /bi'gintn/n. FFA; 开端 p.4S
believe /br'litv/v. 相信 ; 认为 有 可 能 p.S3
below /b1'lou/ prep. & adv.

在 …… 下 面 ; Be Fit ps
better /'beta(r)/ adj. & adv.

( good Fil well 的 比较 级 )

较 好 的 (地 ); 更 好 的 (地 ) = p.l7
bicycle /barsIkl/ n. 自行 车 ; 脚踏车“_P.S
bird /bs:(r)d/ 1. & p.s
blender /'blenda(r)/ n. KPERE = p.S7
body /'bodi/, /"ba:di/ n. tf p13
bored /bo:(r)d/ adj. 厌倦 的 ; MIN p.3
both /bou0/ adj. & pron. Fit;

两 个 都 P.17
break /bre1k/ v. (broke /brouk/ )

(使 ) 破 ; 裂 ; 碎 ; 损坏 p.21
bring out 使 显现 ;使 表现 出 p.21
build /bild/ v. ( built /bilt/ )

建筑 ; 建造 p.S1
building /'brldin/ 1. 23819; BF ps
butter /'bata(r)/n. BiH; With p.60
C
calendar /'‘kzlinda(r)/ n. 日历;

日 程 表 P.72

care /keo/, /ker/u 在 意 ; Hi; 关心 p.20

care about 关心 ; 在 意 p.20
careful /‘keafl/, /‘kerfl/ adj. i);

细致 的 ; 精心 的 ; 慎重 的 p.77
carefully /‘keofali/, /‘kerfali/

adv, 细致 地 ; 小 心地 ; EO p26
careless / keal3s/ /‘kerlas/

4a 帮 粗心 的 ; 不 小 心 的 p.77
cartoon /ka:(r)'tuin/ 1. 动画 片 ;

卡通 片 p.36
catch /kaetf/ v. ( caught /ko:t/ )

及 时 赶 上 ; 接 住 ; 抓 住 p.66
celebrate /'selibrert/ v. 庆祝 ; 庆贺 p.61

co eeecccccccccccssecccssonccccsvccvcccocccsocccccoseesoVOCabulary Index 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

certainly /'s3:(r)tnli/

adv. FRE; 肯定 ; 当然 ; 行 p.77
character /‘kerakta(r)/n. AW; 角色 p.37
cheaply /'tfispli/ adv. 便宜 地 ;

低廉 地 p.26
cheese /tfi:z/ n. FRE; Wiis p.S9
chocolate /'t{oklat/, /‘tfa:klot/

刀 . 巧克力 p.74
choose /tfu:z/ v. (chose /tfauz/ )

选择 ;挑选 p.26
clearly /'klioli/, /'klirli/

adv. 清楚 地 ; 清晰 地 ; 明白 地 = p.18

close /klous/ aij (在 空间 、 时 间 上 )

接近 p.25
coffee /‘kofi/, /'ko:fi/ n. MINE p.12
college /‘kvlid3/, /"ka:lid3/

nth; 大 学 ; 高 等 专科 学 校  p.43
comedy /'komadi/, /‘ka:modi/

有 喜剧 ; 喜剧 片 p.35
comfortable /'kamfa(r)tabl/

adj 使 人 舒服 的 ， 舒适 的 P.25
comfortably /'kamfa(r)tabli/

adv. 舒服 地 ; 舒适 地 p.26
common /kopman/ /‘ka:mon/

adj. 普通 的 ; 常见 的 p.37
competition / kympo'tifn/,

/ ka:mpo'tifn/ n. 比赛 ; 竞赛;

竞争 P.18
computer programmer

/‘prougrema(r)/ 计算 机 程序

设计 员 ; 编程 人 员 p-41
concert /'kpnsot/, /'ka:nsort/

nURA; 演奏 会 p71
cook /kuk/n. 5) v BIE; 者 p41

@
corn /kox(r)n/n. 玉米 ; 谷物 p.59
cover /‘kava(r)/ v. iki; 覆盖

1. 覆盖 物 ; 盖子 P.61
creative /kri'e1trv/

4 忠 有 创造 力 的 ; 创造 性 的 p.28
crowded /'kraudid/

ad. 人 多 的 ; 拥挤 的 ; SAY  P.31
culture /‘kaltfa(r)/n. Cth; 文明 “ p.37
D
dangerous / demdssres/

adj. ATE; 不 安全 的 p.S3
daytime /'dettarm/n. 白天 ; 日 间 p.72

decide /dr sard/ RE; 选 定 ps

delete /dr'li:t/ v. 删除 p.69
dentist /‘dentist/ n. 牙科 医生 P.15

diary /‘datori/n. Hic; 记事 短 p3
die /dar/v 消失 ; 灭亡 ; 死亡 p.13
difference /‘difrans/ 1.223); 2 pS
dig /dig/ v. (dug /dag/ ) ii (Hb);

& Cll); 7 (4) p.59
disagree / diso'gri:/v. 不 同意 ;

持 不 同意 见 ， 有 分 歧 P.53
discuss /di'skas/v.itie; 商量 p.45

discussion /di'skafn/ 1. 讨论 ; WE p.34
dislike /dis'latk/ v. &n.

不 喜爱 ( 的 事物 ); 厌恶 〈 的 事物 ) p.7
DJ /'‘di:dgzer/n.( BA. HAA,

俱乐部 的 ) 音乐 节目 主持 人 p.26
do a good job 干 得 好 p-39
doctor /'dokta/, /‘da:kta(r)/ n. E44 p.41
dressup 装扮 ; 乔装 打扮 P.39
driver /'dratva(r)/n. 83th; 司机 P.41
duck /dak/ n. FS p.7

1134)

ecccccccsecccs Vocabulary Indexecececceccccccccccccvscccvcccccsccesesessenccenscssconcs

during /djusrm/ /durm/

prep. 在 …… 期 间 p.55
卫
earth /3:(r)O/n. 地 球 ; 世界 p.50
education /,edzu'kerfn/n. A  p.43
educational / ed3u'kerfanl/

4 中 教 育 的 ， 有 教育 意义 的 p.34
else /els/ adv. 别 的 ; 其 他 的 p.78
engineer /,end31'n10/, /,end31'n1r/

九 工 程 师 P.41
England /1I0gland/ 英格兰 p.6l
enjoyable /m'd3orabl/ adj. 有 乐趣 的 ;

令 人 愉快 的 Pp.5

enough /1'naf/ adj. & adv. ASIN (3b);
FUER (th); 充分 的 (地 ) p.5

environment /Im vaIronmasnt/

n. 环境 p.50
even /‘i:vn/ adv 甚至 ; 连 ; 愈加 ps3
event /1'vent/n. 大事; 公开 活动 ;

比赛 项 目 P.71

ever /'eva(r)/
adv. 在 任何 时 候 ; 从 来 ; 曾经 po
everybody /‘evribpdi/, /'evriba:di/

pron. fA; AAs 所 有 人 p.29
everyone /‘evriwan/ pron. 每 人 ;

AAs 所 有 人 p3
exam /1g'zm/n. ( =examination )

考试 p.65
example /1g'za:mp1/, /1g'zemp1/

纪实 例 ; 范例 P.29
expect /1k'spekt/ v. 预料， 期 待 p.34
experience /1k'spiorions/,

/tk'sprrions/n. 23; 经 历 p.77
expert /‘ekspa:(r)t/ n. @R

F
fact /feekt/n. 现实 ; 4
factory /'fektri, 'feektori/n. LJ~
fall /fo:1/ v.( fell /fel/) & n. B38 ;
跌倒 ; 掉 落 n.(sest) 秋天
fall down 突然 倒 下 ; 跌倒 ;倒塌
famous /‘fermos/ a 丰 著名 的 ;
出 名 的
fantastic /feen'testik/
adj. 极 好 的 ; 了 不 起 的
feel like 给 …… 的 感觉 ; 感受 到
few /fju:/ adj. & pron. KZ; 很 少
fill /fil/ v.( (8%) 充满 ; 装 满
film /film/n.( = movie ) 电影
finally /‘famali/ adv. 最 后 ; 最 终
find out 查 明 ; Fee
flu /flu:/ nm 流行 性 感冒 ; 流感
for example 例如

‘at
4

ml

foreign /'foran/, / foxron/

adj. 外 国 的
forward /'fo:(r)wa(r)d/

v. A; 发 送 adv. 向 前 ;前进
fresh /fref/ adj. 新鲜 的 ; 清新 的
full /ful/ adj. 1°89; 满 的 ;充满 的
future /'fju:tfa(r)/ 7 将来; 未 来

G

p.77

p.21
p.53

p-53
p.53

p.37

p.18
pS
p.2

p-61

p-37

p.58

p.34

p.65

p.29

p.44

p.69
p.26
p.10
p.s0

girlfriend /'g3:(r)lfrend/ n. AHR  p.37
give /giv/ v. (gave /gerv/) 提供 ; 给 p.29

glad /glad/ adj. 高 兴 ; BE
glue /glu:/ 六 胶水
go to the/a doctor 去 看 医生

p.69
p.69
p.65

Vocabulary Index 。。。，。。。。。。*。。。。

goodbye /,gud bar interj. &n. FEL p.69
grade /greid/n. 成绩 等 级 ; 评分 等 级 p.21

gravy /‘gretvi/n. (调味 ) Wit p61
growup KA; RUA; 成 长 p41
guest /gest/n.#A; 宾客 p.71
H
halfway / paf wer / hef'we1/

adj. & adv. TE PIB; 部 分 地 做

〈 或 达到 ) Pp.77
hand /hand/ 1. 手 p.21
hang /heen/ v. (hung /han/ ) 悬挂 ;

垂下 p.66
hang out 闲逛 ; 常 去 某 处 p.66
happen /‘hepan/v. 发 生 ; 出 现 P.34
hardly /‘ha:(r)dli/ adv. 几乎 不 ;

几乎 没有 Pp.9
hardly ever 几乎 从 不 po
hard-working /,ha:(r)d'w3:(r)ki/

4a 丰 工作 努力 的 ; 辛勤 的 p.18
have ...in common 有 相同 特征 ;

(想法 、 兴 趣 等 方面 ) 相同 p.29

have todo with RF; 与 …… 有 关系 p.45

headmaster / hed'ma:sta/,

/ hed'meesta(r)/ n. BEEK p-71
health /hel@/ n. 健康 ， 人 的 身体

(或 精神 ) 状态 p.12

hear from 422) (SEAN) 信 、 电 话 等 p.69

heart /ha:(r)t/n. Ads; 心脏 p.21
help out ( 帮助 …… ) 分 担 工作 、

解决 难题 p.69
hen /hen/ 1. 母 鸡 P.3
hill /hil/ n/N; 山 丘 p.6
himself /him'self/ pron. (hAC p.77

1135)
hobby /‘hobi/, /‘ha:bi/n. Aszeer p45

hole /houl/ 1. #4; FL; 坑 ps9
holiday /‘holadet/, /‘ha:loder/

nb; (BA p.55
honey /‘hani/n. #63 p.58
hope /houp/ v. & n. 4748 p.34
housewarming /‘hauswo:(r)min/

1. 乔迁 聚会 p.70

housework /'hausw3:(r)k/
1. 家 务 劳 动 ; 家 务 事 P.9
however /hau'eva(r)/ adv. SAM; 不 过 p.15

human /‘hju:man/ adj. Af n. A p53
hundreds of 许多 ; KEE P.S3
hungry /‘hangri/ adj. WLM ps

I
impossible /1m'ppsobl/, /1m'pa:sabl/
4 中 不 可 能 存在 或 发 生 的 ;

不 可 能 的 p.53
improve /Im pru:v/Y 改 进 ; 改善 p45
infact 确切 地 说 ; 事实 上 ; Kk pl
in half 分 成 两 半 p.77
information / mfo(r)'merfn/

nie; 消息 p.24
inside /Im sard/ adv. & prep.

在 …… 里 面 p.53
Internet /'inta(r)net/

n.( 国际 ) 互联 网 ， 因 特 网 p.10

invitation /,mvr'terfn/n. 邀请 ; HK p.69

invite /in'vait/ v. 邀请 p.67
J

Japan /d30'pen/ AA p53
joke /dzouk/n. Rik; WR p35

€

eocccscccccese Vocabulary Indexes secccccccccccccccccccccccccccscescceenscccasccecccoccs

junk /d3ank/

n 无 用 的 东西 ， 无 价值 的 东西 p.12
junk food 垃圾 食品 P.12
K
keep ... to oneself 保守 秘密 p.77
kid /kid/ 7 小孩; “FRA p.21
L
laugh /la:f/, /lef/v.%; 发 笑

n. 笑 声 p.20
least /li:st/ adv. 最 小 ; 最 少

adj. & pron. ix/) HS; 最 少 的 p-ll
less /les/ adv. BUD; 较 小

adj. & pron. 较 少 的 ; 更 少 的 P.16
less than “> p.16
lettuce /‘letis/n. BE; 生菜 p.60
London /‘landan/ (63% p.43
look after 照料 ; 照顾 P.68
look for 寻找 ;寻求 p.53
look forwardto fh}a; Hi p.69
lose /lu:z/ v. lost /Inst/, /la:st/ )

失去 ; BR p.37
loud /laud/ a 厂 .响亮 的 ; 大 声 的 了 P.22
loudly /‘laudli/

ad 吐 闹 地 ; 大 声 地 ;响亮 地 — p.17

M
machine /mo'fimn/n. lat; 机械 装 置 p.S9

magazine /,mago'zi:n/, /magazin/

n. 7a; 期 刊 p.ls
magician /mo'd3ifan/n. A = p.29

main /mein/ adj. 主要 的 ; 最 重要 的 _p.37
make sure 确保 ; 查 明 P.42
Vocabulary Index 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

make the soccer team news /nju:z/, /nu:z/ 六 新 闻 节 目 ;

成 为 足球 队 的 一 员 p.44 新 闻 p.33
make up 编造 (故事 、 谎 言 等 ) P.29 “none /nAn/ prof. 没有 一 个 ; ZI p.l6
maybe /'merbi/ adv. 大 概 ; 或 许 ; normal /'no:(r)ml/ adj. E# 1;

可 能 pll 一 般 的 p.77
meal /mi:l/n. 4) (Bt4-, He) HE; nothing /'naO1n/ pron. 没有 什么 ;

一 餐 所 吃 的 食物 P.27 没有 一 件 东 西 p3
meaning /'mimnin/n. 意义 ;意思 p45
meaningless /'mi:nmlos/ O

adj. 毫 无 意义 的 ; 意思 不 明确 的 “pp.36 of course /ko:(r)s/ 当然 ; 自然 P.3
medicine /'medsn, medisny/ once /wans/ at 一次; 曾经 P.10

1 药 ; 医学 p.43 online /pn lam/ /an'larmny/
meeting /'mi:tin/n. 会 议 ; 集会 ; 4 四 及 a 四 在 线 (的 ); 联网 (的 )p.13

会 面 p-74 opening /‘supnin/n. 开幕 式 ;
menu /'menju:/ n. 324 p.27 落成 典礼 P.71
might /mart/ modal v. 可 能 ; "IVA Pp.37 organize /'o:(r)ganatz/
mile /marl/ n. & p.77 v.( = organise ) 组 织 ; 筹备 p.74
milkshake 奶 昔 p57 outgoing /‘autgourn/ adj. 爱 交际 的 ;
mind /mamd/ n. 头脑 ;心智 p13 友好 的 ;外 向 的 P.17
mind /maind/ v. dP; 对 ( 某 事 ) oven /Avn/ 1 烤箱 ; 烤 炉 p.61

烦恼 P.33 overandoveragain 多 次 ; 反复 地 p.S3
mirror /'mira(r)/ 1. HT P.21 own/oun/ adj. & pron. 自己 的 ;
mistake /mr steik/ 7 错误; 失误 p.77 本 人 的 p.47
mix/miks/n. 混合 配料

&( 使 ) 混合 ;融合 p.61 P
more than 多 于 plS paint /pemt/ v. 用 颜料 画 ;
most /moust/ 在 …… 上 刷 油漆 P.45

adj., adv. & pron. BRB; KAW  p.2 paper /'perpo(r)/n. 2; 纸张 p.49
myself /mar'self/ pron. KAC; paragliding /'‘pxraglaidin/

我 本 人 p3 九 滑翔 伞 运 动 ps

part /pa:(r)t/n. 部 分 p.50

N peace /pi:s/n. 和 平 p-51
necessary /'nesasori/, /‘nesaseri/ peel /pi:l/ vw; AK p.57
adj Wh); 必要 的 p.21 pepper /‘pepa(r)/ n. HHH}; MHF AR p.61

$137)
seeeeeeeee Vocabulary Index*。。。。。。。。o。oo。oooooosooeeoooeoeseoeooeeseseesoessssoeseeeseseeeseeeel:

percent /po(r) sent/ n. ( =per cent ) preparation / prepo'reifn/
eo p.13 nets; 准备 工作 p.69
performer /po(r)'fo:(r)ma(r)/ prepare /pri'pea/, /pri'per/
nF; 演员 p.28 v. 使 做 好 准备 ;把 …… 准 备 好 了 .65
personal /'p3:(r)sonl/ prepare for 为 …… 做 准备 p.65
adj. FAW; 私人 的 p-47 pretty /'priti/ adv. 相当 ; 十 分 ; 很
physical /‘fizikl/ adj. 身体 的 p.4s adj. 漂亮 的 P.27
pianist / prenrst/ n. 钢琴 家 P,41 primary /'praimori/, /‘prarmeri/
piece /pis/n. 7; Rs BE p.60 adj. 最 初 的 ; 最 早 的 p.24
pig /pig/ n. 34% p3 primary school 小 学 p.24
pilot /pailat/ 1 飞行 员 p41 print /print/v. 打印 :印刷 p.69
plan /plen/v.&n.4T#; 计划 p34 = prize /praiz/n.%; 奖品 ; 奖金 p.29
planet /'plenit/n. 478 p50 probably /'probabli/, /‘pra:babli/
plant /plant/, /plent/ v. Fie adv. 很 可 能 ; 大 概 P.SS
n KEY p50 program /'prougrem/
plate /pleit/n. 盘子 ; 碟子 p.61 n.( =programme ) 节目 p.10
Play a part 参与 ; 发 挥 作 用 P.S0 promise /prpmIs/ /‘pra:mis/
Play arole 发 挥 作用 ; 有 影响 p.29 nas Wi via FR p.45
point /point/n. 7329; 点
义 指 ; 指向 p16 Q
pollute /po'lu:t/ v. 污染 p50 question /'kwestfan/ v. 表示 疑问 ;
pollution /pa lu:fny/ 17. 污染 ;污染 物 p.50 怀疑 ; 提问 ; 质询 p.45
poor /po:(r), pua/, /pur/ quietly /‘kwarotli/ adv. 轻声 地 ;
adj. 贫穷 的 ; 清贫 的 p.29 FH; 安静 地 p.17
Popcorn /pppkom/ /‘pa:pko:rn/ quite afew 相当 多 ;不 少 p.2
ne 爆 米花 P.59
possible /ppssbl/ /'pa:sabl/ R
adj. 可 能 存在 或 发 生 的 ; FARM p53 reach /ristf/v. 伸手 ; 到 达 ; 抵达 = p.21
pot /pot/, /pa:t/n. 锅 p58 ready /'tedi/ adj. RRW; HESSIN p37
potato chips /tfips/ FAS; reason /Ti:zn/1. 原 因 ; 理由 p.37
KEE p-74 refuse /ri'fju:z/ v. 拒绝 p.67
pour /po:(r)/ v. 倒 出 ;倾倒 p-57 relationship /r1'ler{nfip/n. XA;
prediction /pri'dik{n/n. 预言 ; 联系 p.47
预测 P.S0 reply /ri'plai/vu 回答 ; 答复 p.69

b1 38)
reporter /r1'po:(r)ta(r)/ n. 记者 p.26
resolution / rezo'lu:{n/

ne Poly; 决定 p.44
result /TI ZAlt/ 1.24%; 后 果 P.13
rich /ritf/ adj. 富有 的 p.37
rocket /'rokit/, /‘ra:krt/n. Kat p.52
role /raul/n. 作用 ; 职能 ; 角色 p.29
S
sad /szd/ a 丰 ( 令 人 ) 悲哀 的 ;

(A) 难过 的 p.69
salt /so:lt/n. 食盐 p.58
sandwich /'seenwitf,'senwid3/

na 夹心 面包 片 ; 三 明治 p.60

saying /'sern/1.iB; 格言 ;警句 p21
schoolwork /'sku:lw3:(r)k/

n. 学 校 作 业 ; 功课 p.45
scientist /‘sarontist/ n. 科学 家 p41
screen /skrim/n. 银幕 ;屏幕 p.25
sea /si:/n. 1; 海洋 P.S1

seat /Si't/ 7. 座位; 坐 处 〔( 如 椅子 等 ) p.25
seem /si:m/ v. 好 像 ; 似乎 ; 看 来 P.3
self-improvement

/ self mm'pru:vmant/

n. 自我 改进 ; 自我 提高 p.45
send /send/ v. (sent /sent/ )

邮寄 ;发 送 p.43
serious /'starios/, /'strias/

adj. ath; 稳重 的 p21
seriously /'storiosli/, /'‘sirigsli/

adv. 严重 地 ; 严肃 地 ; 认真 地 p.29
servant /'s3:(r)vont/n.{bA p-53

serve /sai(r)v/ v. 接待 ; ARG; 提供
service /'s3:(r)vis/ 71. 接待 ;服务

p.62
p.27

Vocabulary Index eeeeeeeeeeeee

shake /fetk/ n. & v. (shook /fuk/ )

a; 抖动 p.S7
shape /ferp/n. BK; INE p.53
share /feo/, /Ser/v. 分 享 ; 共享

共用 ;分摊 P.21
should /fud; fad/

modal v. 应 该 ; 应 当 ; 可 以 P.21
side /sard/1. 一 方 〈 的 意见 、 态 度 、

立场 ) p.54
similar /'srmola(r)/ adj. 相像 的 ;

类 似 的 p.22

simple /'srmp1/ adj. fa 1H; Si) p.37
sitcom /'sitkom/, /'sitka:m/
n. (=situation comedy ) 情景 喜剧 p.33

sky /skat/n. KE p51
sofar 到 月 前 为 止 ; 迄今 为 止 p.26
soap /saup/ opera /'ppra/, /‘a:pra/

肥皂 剧 p.33
solve /splv/, /sailv/ v. 解决 ;解答 p.77
someone /'samwan/ pron. A. p.3

something /'sam@1n/ pron. 某 事 ;
RY p3

song /spy/, /somy/n. tik; 歌曲 p.26
space /speis/n. KZ; 空间 p.52
space station 太空 站 ; FHA p52
spoon /spuin/n.4J; 调 莹 p.58
stand /stend/ v. (stood /stud/ )

忍受 ; WANE p.33
step /step/n. 4; 步骤 p-77
successful /sok'sesfl/

adj, 获得 成 功 的 ; 有 成 就 的 p.37
such /SAtf/ adj. & pron.

这 样 的 ; 那样 的 类似 的 P.13
such as 例如 ; 像 …… 这 样 p.13

4139)
sugar /‘Suga(r)/n. 食糖 p.59
surprised /sa(r)'praizd/

adj. 惊奇 的 ; 感觉 意外 的 p.69
swing /swin/ 1.423); 秋千

v. (swung /swan/ ) (使 ) 摆动 ;

摇摆 p.10
swing dance 播 摆 舞 P.10
T
take... seriously 认真 对 待 …… p.29
take atrip 去 旅行 p.69
take sb’s place 代替 ; #48 p.39
take up ( 尤 指 为 消 遗 ) 学 着 做 ;

开始 做 p.4s
talent /'telont/n. A; Aik p29
talented /'telontid/

adj. 有 才能 的 ; 有 才干 的 p.20
taxi /'taeksi/n. 出 租 汽 车 ; 的 士 p.75
team /ti:m/n. BA; 组 p.44
teenager /'ti:nerd3a(r)/

n.(13~19 9 BY) 青少年 p.77
television /'telivizn/ n. 电视 节目 ;

电视 机 P.13
temperature /'tempratfa(r)/

1. 温 度 ; 气温 ; 体温 p.62
than /don; den/ prep. & conj.

(用 以 引出 比较 的 第 二 部 分 ) tk ps
Thanksgiving / Oznks'givin/

nA p-61
the day after tomorrow 后 天 p.68
the day before yesterday 前 天 p.68

the same as 和 …… 相 同 ， 与 …… 一 致 p.21
theater /'O10to/, /9i:atar/
n. (=theatre ) 戏院 ; 剧场

4140)

p.25

eeeeeeeeee Vocabulary Indexesssssssccecccccccvcccccccccccccecccccenscsvecsccssoeoes

themselves /dam'selvz/
pron. {th (tb, E) 们 自己
though /dou/ adv. Aids 可 是 ; 然而
conj. BIL; 尽管 ; 不 过 P.18
through /Oru:/ prep. 以 ; SEAR; Bit p.13

P.45

ticket /'trkit/ n. 票 ; 人 场 状 p.25
together /to'geda(r)/ adv. 在 一 起 ;

同 P.I3
top /top/, /ta:p/ 1. 顶部， 表面 ps
touch /tat{/ 感动; 触摸 p21
trader /'trerdo(r)/n. BIA p.s
traditional /tra'difanl/ adj. 传统 的 ;

惯例 的 p.61
travel /‘trevl/v.&n. 旅行 ; 游历 p.76

traveler /travele(r)/ 1 ( =traveller )

漂泊 者 ;旅行 者 ; 游客 p.61
truly /‘tru:li/ adv. 真正 ， 确 实 p.20
trust /trast/v. 相信 ; 信任 p.77

try /trai/u.&n. Bik; 设法 ; FHA ps

turkey /'ta:(r)ki/ n. x5 p.60
turn down 拒绝 p.69
turnon 接 通 ( 电流、 煤气 、 水 等 );

打开 P.S7
twice /twars/ adv. 两 次 ; 两 倍 P.10

U
umbrella /am'brelo/n.@; Wide p.5
understanding /,Anda(r) standID/

adj. 善 解 人 意 的 ; 体谅 人 的 p.77
university / ju:n1'v3:(r)soti/
n. (BRAVE) 大 学 ; 高 等 学 府 P.43

unless /sn'les/ conj. RAE; 如 果 不 。” p.77
unlucky /an'laki/ adj. 不幸 的 ;

不 吉利 的 p37
until /an'trl/ conj. & prep. 到 …… 时 ;
直到 …… 为 目 p-66
upset /,ap'set/ adj. Ect; 失望; WHE p.75

Vv
video /'vidiou/ n. 录像带; 录像 p.74
violinist /,vara'linist/n./)4235F p41
Ww
wait /wert/ v. FF; 等候 p.5
wallet /‘wolit/, /walt/ 由 钱包 P.77
watermelon /'wo:ta(r)melon/

n. FE p58
weekday /'wi:kde1/ n. 工作 日

(AW -BRMAMEM—K) p68
weekly /'wi:kli/ adj. & adv.

每 周 的 (地 ) p.4s

wet /wet/ adj. 湿 的 ; 潮湿 的 ; TRAY pS
which /witf/ pron. & adj. 哪 一 个 ;

哪 一 些 P.18
win /win/ v. (won /wan/ )
TRIE; is AS P.18

ee。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。 esiewevvVocabulary Index 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。

winner /'wina(r)/ 1. 获胜 者 ; 优胜 者 p.29
without /w1'daut/ prep. 没有 ;

A (BEE ) p.69
wonder /'wando(r)/ v. HUA; 琢磨 p.S
wonderful /'wanda(r)fl/

4a 丰 精彩 的 ; 绝妙 的 p.2
word /wai(r)d/ n. inl; 词 p.56

worse /w3:(r)s/ adj. & adv.
(bad 和 badly 的 比较 级 ) HAE (AY);
更 坏 〈 的 ); OMY (的 ) p.27
worst /w3:(r)st/ adj. & adv.
(bad 和 Pbadly 的 最 高 级 ) FE (MY);

最 坏 (的 ); 最 糟 (的 ) p.26
writedown 写 下 ; 记录 下 p.45
writer /‘rarta(r)/ 7. 作者 ;作家 P.14
Y
yogurt /'jogot/, /jsugart/

n. (=yoghurt ) 酸奶 ps8
yourself /jo:(r)'self/ pron.

(pl. yourselves /jo:(r)'selvz/ )

你 自己 ; 您 自己 p3
eeeeeeeeeee Irregular Verbs。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。*。。 "9 99 ee ee ee ee ee ee

Irregular Verbs

Verb Past tense Verb Past tense
be (am, is, are) was, were fly flew
bear bore forget forgot
beat beat get got
become became give gave
begin | began go went
blow blew grow grew
break broke hang (悬挂 ) hung
bring brought have (has) had |
build built hear heard
burn burnt/burned hide hid
buy bought hit hit
catch caught hold held
choose chose hurt hurt
come came keep kept
cost cost know knew
cut cut lay laid
dig dug lead led
do (does) did learn learnt/learned
draw drew leave left
dream dreamt/dreamed lend lent
| drink drank let let
drive drove lie (44) lay
eat ate light lit/lighted
“fall fell lose lost
feed fed make made
| feel felt mean meant
| fight fought meet met 7
| find found mistake mistook

4142)
ose cccccrnerccessccccccncccesscsscsssscccccocscscccccoscs [rragular Verbs eeeeeeeeeees

| Verb Past tense Verb Past tense
' pay paid speak spoke

put put speed sped/speeded
read /ri:d/ read /red/ spell spelt/spelled
ride rode spend spent
ring rang spread spread
rise rose stand stood
run ran steal stole
say said stick stuck

| See saw swim swam
sell sold take took
send sent teach taught
set set tell told
shake shook think thought
shine | shone | throw threw

| shut | shut understand understood
sing sang wake woke
sit sat wear wore

| sleep slept win won
smell smelt/smelled write wrote

后 记

本 册 教 科 书 是 人 民 教 育 出 版 社 课程 教材 研究 所 英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心
依据 教育 部 《义务 教育 英语 课程 标准 》 ( 2011 年 版 ) 与 美国 圣 智 学 习 集团 合作
编写 的 ， 经 国家 基础 教育 课程 教材 专家 工作 委员 会 2013 年 审查 通过 。

本 册 教科 书 集中 反映 了 基础 教育 教科 书 研究 与 实验 的 成 果 ， 凝 聚 了 参与 谍
改 实验 的 教育 专家 、 学 科 专 家 、 教 研 人 员 以 及 一- 线 教 师 的 集体 智慧 。 我 们 感谢
所 有 对 教科 书 的 编写 、 出 版 提供 过 帮助 与 支持 的 同仁 和 社会 各 界 朋友 ， 以 及 整
体 设计 艺术 指导 吕 敬 人 等 。

本 册 教 科 书 出 版 之 前 ， 我 们 通过 多 种 洪 道 与 教科 书 选 用 作品 〈 包 括 照 片 、
画作 ) 的 作者 进行 了 联系 ， 得 到 了 他 们 的 大 力 支持 。 对 此 ， 我 们 表示 衷心 的 感
谢 ! 但 仍 有 部 分 作者 未 能 取得 联系 ， 奶 请 人 选 作品 的 作者 与 我 们 联系 ， 以 便 支
‘SAH.

我 们 真诚 地 希望 广大 教师 、 学 生 及 家 长 在 使 用 本 册 教 科 书 的 过 程 中 提出 宝
贵 意 见 ， 并 将 这 些 意见 和 建议 及 时 反馈 给 我 们 。 让 我 们 携 起 手 来 ， 共 同 完成 义
务 教育 教材 建设 工作 !

联系 方式
ii: 010-58758866
电子 邮箱 ，jcfk@pep.com.cn

人 民 教 育 出 版 社 课程 教材 研究 所
英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心
2013 年 5 月

ee bee elliralivesan,

XSARAAH Bis
审批 号 : 京 发 改 [2007]1043 号 - 155

AER EM

八 年 级 EM

BMRA A

if : 12358

