ENGLISH

% 2 有
SERA ARTA 72
ENGLISH

必修

第 三 册

人 民 教 育 出 版 社 课程 教材
(中 国 )

英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心

(美国 ) 圣 智 学 习 集

A hte 8x te oh

> dba -

究 所

FF

编著

: HUE ASHE AE
: 吴 欣 RRR EE

编写 人 员 : Patrick Wallace Sarah H. Miller Simon McCue Edward Yoshioka

责任 编辑 : 肖 菲 ， 张 琳 琳
美术 编辑 : 胡 白 珂

普通 高 中 教科 书 ”英语 必修 第 三 册
人 民 教 育 出 版 社 课程 教材 研究 所

(中

(美国 ) 圣 8 学 习 集 GF

ASR 张 琳 琳 徐 st OE

) 英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心 编著

Fe

版 Add Acme
(北京 市 海淀 区 中 关 村 南大 街 17
址 http://www.pep.com.en

印 “北京 出 版 集团 有 限 责 任 公司
ft 北京 新 华 书店
刷 ， 中 国电 影 出 版 社 印刷 厂

次 2019 年 11 月 第 1 版

次 2020 年 1 月 第 1 次 印刷
890 毫米 x 1240 2K 1/16
ik 8

数 220 FF

ISBN 978-7-107-34061-1
价 9.3076

SHAD DREP AS
>

号 院 1 号 楼 邮编 : 100081 )

格 依据 文件 号 : 京 发 改 规 [2016 ] 13 号 ” 审 图 号 :(2017 ) 793 号

版 权 所 有 “未 经 许可 不 得 采用 任何 方式 擅自 复

剖 或 使 用 本 产品 任何 部 分 违 者 必 究

如 发 现 内 容 质量 问题 ， 请 登录 中 小 学 教材 意见 反馈 平台 : jcyjfk.pep.com.cn

如 发 现 印 、 装 质量 问题 ， 影 响 阅读 ， 请 与 北京 出 版 集团 有 限 责任 公司 联系 调换 。 电 话 : 010-58572293 58572393

绿色 印刷 ”保护 环境 ”爱护 健康

你 们 手中 的 这 本 教科 书 采用 绿色 印刷 标准 印 制 ， 在 它 的 封底 印 有 “绿色 印刷 产品 ”标志 。 从 2013 年 秋季
学 期 起 ， 北 京 地 区 出 版 并 使 用 的 义务 教育 阶段 中 小 学 教科 书 全 部 采用 绿色 印刷 。
按照 国家 环境 标准 ( HJ2503-2011 )《 环 境 标志 产品 技术 要 求 ” 印 刷 “第 一 部 分 : 平版 印刷 》， 绿 色 印 刷 选

亲爱 的 同学 们

用 环保 型 纸张 、 油 墨 、 胶 水 等 原 辅 材料 ， 生 产 过 程 注 重 节能 减 排 ， ee chee

让 我 们 携 起 手 来， 支持 绿色 印刷 ， 选 择 绿色 印刷 产品 ， 共 同 关爱 环境 ， 一 起 健康 成

Sox 市 绿色 印刷 工程

《普通 高 中 教科 书 ”英语 》 是 为 了 适应 新 时 代 的 发 展 需要 ， 依 据 《 普 通 高 中 英语 课程 标
准 ( 2017 年 版 )》 的 精神 ， 充 分 征求 广大 师 生 的 反馈 意见 ， 在 《普通 高 中 课程 标准 实验 教科
书 ， 负 语 》 的 基础 上 精心 修订 而 成 。 此 次 教材 修订 的 主要 目的 是 : 全 面 落实 立 德 桂 人 根本 任
务 ， 培 育 社会 主义 核心 价值 观 ， 弘 扬中 华 优秀 文化 ， 充 分 体现 英语 课程 工具 性 和 人 文 性 的 统
一 ， 发 展 学 生 的 语言 能 力 、 文 化 意识 、 思 维 品 质 和 学 习 能 力 等 英语 学 科 核心 素养 ， 充 分 体现
英语 学 科 特 殊 的 育 人 价值 ， 培 养 具 有 中 国情 怀 、 国 际 视野 和 跨 文化 沟通 能 力 的 社会 主义 建设

者 和 接班 人 。

修订 后 的 教材 主要 具有 以 下 特点 :

注重 思想 引领 教材 融入 了 社会 主义 核心 价值 观 的 基本 内 容 和 要 求 ， 注 重 培养 学 生 良 好
的 政治 素质 、 道 德 品质 和 健全 人 格 ， 弘 扬中 华 优 秀文 化 ， 增 强 文化 自信 ， 引 导 学 生 形 成 正确
的 世界 观 、 人 生 观 和 价值 观 。

反映 时 代 要 求 ”教材 充分 反映 当代 社会 发 展 新 变化 、 科 技 进步 新 成 果 ， 展 示 新 时 代 中 国
特色 社会 主义 新 成 就 ， 将 先进 的 教育 思想 和 理念 融入 教材 之 中 ， 同 时 紧密 结合 学 生 的 学 习 和
生活 实际 ， 关 注 信息 化 环境 下 学 生 的 发 展 需求 。

强调 语言 实践 ”教材 以 英语 学 习 活 动 观 为 指导 ， 以 主题 为 引领 ， 以 语 篇 为 依托 ， 通 过 板
块 式 设计 将 语言 知识 与 听 、 说 、 读 、 看 、 写 等 技能 有 机 整合 ， 强 调 学 习 过 程 和 学 习 策略 ， 突
出 活动 目标 ， 让 学 生 用 语言 做 事情 ， 在 实践 中 培养 语言 运用 能 力 和 创新 思维 。

突出 文化 意识 ”教材 通过 展示 多 姿 多 彩 的 中 外 文化 来 培养 学 生 对 中 华文 化 的 认同 和 传承 ，
加 深 对 人 类 优秀 文化 的 学 习 和 鉴赏 ; 通过 让 学 生 分 析 中 外 文化 异同 ， 发 展 其 多 元 思维 和 批判
性 思维 ， 增 强 学 生 跨 文化 理解 和 跨 文 化 沟通 能 力 ， 构 建 人 类 命运 共同 体 意识 。

激发 学 习 动机 ”教材 以 真实 性 、 趣 味 性 、 规 范 性 和 经 典 性 作为 内 容 选 编 原 则 ， 主 题 覆 盖
面 广 ， 语 篇 题材 和 体裁 丰富 ， 活 动 呈现 形式 多 样 ， 版 式 设计 生动 活泼 且 富有 美感 ， 力 求 激发
学 生 的 学 习 兴 趣 和 动机 ， 引 发 他 们 积极 思考 、 主 动 参与 语言 实践 活动 ， 提 升 英语 学 习 效率 。

满足 不 同 需求 ”教材 编排 内 容 和 活动 设计 既 充分 考虑 学 生 的 共同 基础 ， 又 兼顾 学 生 不 同
的 能 力 水 平和 学 习 需 求 , 提供 了 拓展 性 的 教学 内 容 , 为 教师 灵活 使 用 教材 进行 教学 提供 了 便利 ，
也 切实 促进 学 生 的 个 性 发 展 。

本 套 教材 为 高 中 英语 教学 提供 了 丰富 的 教学 资源 。 希 望 教材 能 够 帮助 同学 们 打下 坚实 的
语言 基础 ， 提 高 英语 水 平 ， 获 得 全 面 发 展 ; 同时 希望 老师 们 能 够 充分 利用 教材 ， 在 实践 中 不
断 完善 教学 ， 取 得 良好 的 教学 效果 。

编者
2019 年 4 月

| SRS DESDE DES PI STR TEE RS EE I SR TTT ON LESLIE RE ETT ETS RTE,
CONTENTS

p.13

|-
p. 37

p. 49

Theme

UNIT 1

FESTIVALS
AND
CELEBRATIONS

UNIT 2

MORALS
AND
VIRTUES

UNIT 3

DIVERSE
CULTURES

UNIT 4

SPACE
EXPLORATION

UNIT 5

THE VALUE
OF MONEY

WORKBOOK

Listening

Festival activities
Listen for relationships

A recent festival
experience

A moral dilemma
Listen for attitudes

Chain of love

The origins of American
food

Take notes

Ethnic minority cultures
in China

How to become an
astronaut

Listen for numbers

Life in space

An honest cleaner
Make inferences

At the restaurant

Unit 1
Unit 2
Unit 3
Unit 4
Unit 5

p. 61
p. 67
p. 73
p. 79
p. 85

Speaking

Expressing feelings
and emotions

Telling a story

Showing you are
listening

Expressing
curiosity

Retelling a story

Reading

Why Do We Celebrate Festive

Identify the main idea of a
paragraph

My Amazing Naadam
Experience

The Chinese Spring Festival

Mother of Ten Thousand Bab
Draw conclusions
The Stone in the Road

The Taxi Ride I'll Never Forge

A Travel Journal About San
Francisco

Classify and organise
information

Welcome to Chinatown!

Symbols of American Culture

Space: The Final Frontier
Summarise the main idea

Is Exploring Space a Waste (
Time and Money?

Homes on Mars?

The Million Pound Bank Note
Act 1, Scene 3

Understand implied meaning

The Million Pound Bank Note
Act 2, Scene 1

The Million Pound Bank Note
Act 2, Scene 3
Writing

A narrative essay
about a festival
or celebration
experience

A review of a
moral fable

An introduction
to your city or
town

An argumentative
essay about
space exploration

Pronunciation Structure

Assimilation

The rising intonation

Pauses

Stress and rhythm

A play script of a Rhythm and intonation
scene from The
Million Pound
Bank Note
APPENDICES

The -ing form (1) as
the attribute and the
predicative

The -ing form (2)
as the object
complement and
the adverbial

Ellipsis

Infinitives (1) as the
attribute and the
adverbial

Review of modal
verbs

The past future
tense

Notes
Grammar

Words and Expressions in Each Unit

Vocabulary
Irregular Verbs

*Project

Give a presentation
about a minority
festival in China

Make a poster
about festival food
recipes

Make a poster to
motivate others
to practise virtues

Create a travel
brochure

Give a presentation
on China’s space
exploration

Give a performance
of a scene from
The Million Pound
Bank Note

*Video Time

The Lantern
Festival

Confucius and
Ren

World’s Biggest
Melting Pot

Exploring Mars

At the Hotel

p.91
p. 98
p. 102
p. 109
p. 117
co

Phoenix flute
The moonlight fl
Fish and ten la

In this unit, you will —
, 1 read about festivals and celebrations around the f
2 listen to different festival experiences and talk about
your own.
3 write a passage about a festival ora a cele
have experienced. :
4 explore the ores customs, and meanings. of different

festivals.

oe What can you see inthe photo? —
2 Whatis the name of this Ra ond how
do ~~ celebrate it?

Listening and Speaking

Talk about festival activities

1 Before you listen, look at the photos below. Choose some words or phrases
from the box to describe each festival.

Ts
SAL”
ea

als NA
bry ™

了 Rio carnival = /) |)
Chinese Lantern Festival

wear traditional costumes dress up in carnival costumes visit a lantern fair
march along the streets receive congratulations from ... guess riddles
attend the ceremony watch samba dance give performances

G 2 Listen and write the order of the conversations next to the names of the festivals

above. Then match each conversation with the relationship between the speakers
. below.

—— a tour guide and members of a tour group Listen for relationships

| 一 an interviewer and an interviewee To listen for a relationship, you need to pay

a reporter and a tourist attention to how people talk to each other (e.g.
friends usually call each other by first names) and
some particular questions in the conversation
(e.g. “Could | have the bill, please?” tells us that
the speaker is a customer in a restaurant).

____ two friends

2 UNIT 1 FESTIVALS AND CELEBRATIONS
€) 3 Listen again and complete the sentences with the correct words.

1 In Conversation 1, the woman is wearing colours. It took her a long time to do
her hair and make-up, and to get . She is going to meet her soon.

2 In Conversation 2, Carla advises Li Mei to change her . This is because the
weather is and they will be outside for a long time.

3 In Conversation 3, the people are enjoying the show.

© 4 Listen again and make a list of each festival's activities.

e Chinese Lantern Festival:

* Coming-of-Age Day:

e Rio Carnival:

5 In pairs, discuss which of these festivals attracts you the most and why.

EXAMPLE

A: | think the Rio Carnival would be the most exciting. After all, as you know, | love to dance!
B: | love dancing, too, but I’m not sure I’d enjoy it in such hot weather.

A: So which festival do you like best?

B: | like...

o Pronunciation ~

() 1 Listen and read aloud the words or phrases to your partner. Pay attention
to the change in the pronunciation of the bold letters.

1 duty, education 2 use, usually 3 news, newspaper 4 is, issue
5 last year 6 in bed 7 those shirts 8 as you see

() 2 Listen to the following sentences, paying attention to the consonants in bold.
How do their pronunciations change when they are read in the sentences?

1 Did you enjoy the holiday?

2 Miss, congratulations on becoming an adult!

3 It'll be too tiring to walk or dance for a long time in those shoes.

4 | was hoping to hear that you had a great time throughout.

5 Children then take part in Easter egg hunts to find the eggs and win prizes.

6 In Mexico, the Day of the Dead is celebrated between October 31st and November 2nd.

Discuss the differences with your partner. Then listen and repeat.

| es zal

UNIT 1 FESTIVALS AND CELEBRATIONS 3

Reading and Thinking

Discover the reasons for festivals and celebrations

1 Before you read, discuss these questions in groups.
1 What festivals do you celebrate with your family each year?
2 Why do you think people celebrate different festivals?

™@) 2 Read the text and find out the answer to the question in the title.

WHY DO WE CELEBRATE FESTIVALS?

Festivals are celebrated all around the world. They
have a wide range of origins, such as the seasons
of the year, religions, famous figures, and important
events. Every festival has its different customs and
unique charms. However, no matter how different
they may seem, all over the world, the spirit of
sharing joy, gratitude, love, or peace is common in
all festivals.

Of all the traditional festivals, the harvest festival
can be found in almost every culture. This important
agricultural festival takes place after all the crops
have been gathered in. People celebrate to show
that they are grateful for the year’s supply of food.
In ancient Egypt, the harvest festival was celebrated
during the springtime—the Egyptian harvest season.
It featured a parade and a great feast with music,
dancing, and sports. Today, in some European

countries, people decorate churches and town
halls with flowers and fruit, and get together to celebrate over a meal. During the
Mid-Autumn Festival in China, families gather to admire the shining moon and enjoy
delicious mooncakes.

Customs play a significant role in festivals, but sometimes they can change over time.
With the development of modern society and the spread of new ideas, some traditions
may fade away and others may be established. One example is the typical Chinese
Spring Festival custom of lighting firecrackers to drive away the evil spirits and
celebrate the new year. Nowadays, many big cities have given up this custom in order
to avoid air pollution. Another example is Halloween, which slowly became an exciting
festival for children, in spite of its religious origins.

4 UNIT 1 FESTIVALS AND CELEBRATIONS
Festivals are becoming more and more
commercial, with businesses taking
advantage of the celebrations. Online
shopping websites and social media
apps have made it much easier for the
public to spend more on gifts for their
loved ones. Although some believe
festivals should not be commercialised,
others believe the increase in spending
is good for the economy and public happiness.

Festivals are an important part of society. They reflect people’s wishes, beliefs, faiths,
and attitudes towards life. They are occasions that allow us to relax and enjoy life, and
forget about our work for a little while. They help us understand where we came from,
who we are, and what to appreciate. And if you study festivals carefully, you may be
surprised to find that different cultures actually have a lot in common after all.

CO

Identify the main idea of a
paragraph

Identifying the main ideas of paragraphs
is necessary when analysing a text.

3 Read the text again and underline the lost Gatediao ie wave atopy ©
可 sentence” that tells you the paragraph’s

topic sentence of each paragraph that main idea. It is often the first sentence,
gives the main idea. but sometimes it is found elsewhere in

the paragraph.

In pairs, discuss the following questions.

1 What do most festivals seem to have in common? Why do you think people around the
world find these things important?

2 How do you feel about festival customs that have already faded away?
3 What is the writers attitude towards the commercialisation of festivals?

Complete the following passage using suitable words from the text. Be sure
to use the correct forms.

Today's festivals have a wide of origins, including the seasons of the year, famous

, important events, and religions. The festival is one of the most popular
festivals and is celebrated in many cultures. Customs play a role in festivals, but
they can change over time. For example, some Chinese cities no longer allow firecrackers
during the Spring Festival, as they can increase air pollution. These days, festivals are becoming
more , with people spending more money on gifts. Festivals people's
wishes, beliefs, faiths, and attitudes towards life. They are to spend time with family,
and to relax and enjoy life.

UNIT 1 FESTIVALS AND CELEBRATIONS 5

Discovering Useful Structures

Describe festival activities

1 Read the sentences below and discuss the functions and meanings of the
italicised -ing form. Find more examples from the unit.

e These lanterns are amazing.

¢ During the Mid-Autumn Festival in China, families gather to admire the shining moon and
enjoy delicious mooncakes.

° Families celebrating the Lunar New Year can enjoy exciting dragon dances and carnivals
together.

2 Read the following messages posted by some exchange students on an Internet
forum. Underline the -ing form used as the attribute or the predicative.

Discussion: Which festival is the best?
Today 9:05 am

Rio Carnival! | spent a really fun day there with my friends. It was great
fun walking along the streets, enjoying the relaxing atmosphere! The
performances were just amazing.

Sunnyli

The Spring Festival in China, especially the dinner on the Lunar New
Year's Eve! All family members get together. And | get lucky money in
Vincent1119 red envelopes from my parents and relatives, so it’s always an exciting
time for me.

Today 9:11 am

Perhaps Thanksgiving. What could be better? Families getting together

Lae and eating delicious food, people watching sports games on TV, friends

Wizard_Oz laughing and talking, etc. Plus there’s Black Friday, if shopping is your
thing.

Today 10:24 am | think it’s Christmas. | just can’t take my eyes off the shining lights
on the Christmas trees everywhere. Lots of smiling faces, and people

Cooper_08

singing Christmas carols and wishing each other “Merry Christmas!”

3 Complete the passage with the appropriate -ing form.

La Tomatina is a festival that takes place in the Spanish
town Bufnol every August. | think many food festivals are

because people are just eating. However, this
festival is because people don’t actually eat
the tomatoes. Instead, they throw them at each other!
The number of people part in this tomato fight
can reach up to 20,000, and it is a very fight
that lasts for a whole hour. The thing is how
clean Bunol is after the tomatoes are washed away after
the fight. This is because the juice from tomatoes is really
good for making surfaces clean!

0 UNIT 1 FESTIVALS AND CELEBRATIONS
Listening and Talking

Talk about festival experiences

() 1. Song Lin and Max are talking about a recent festival experience. Listen to their
conversation and answer the questions.

pudding mashed potatoes “Ss __ roast turkey

1 What festival is Max talking about? 4 What did Max and his family do during

2 What did Max do during the festival? and after the dinner?
3 What dishes did Max’s mother cook? 5 What was the best part of the festival?

(> 2 Listen again and tick the phrases that Max or Song Lin uses.

Expressing feelings and emotions

© It was fantastic! © How wonderfull © How exciting!
© That's amazing. © It was great fun! O It’s very exciting.
O It was great to ... OPm really happy that ... Ol'm pleased to ...

3 Read the conversation below and underline the phrases that express feelings
about festivals. Role-play the conversation with your partner.

Joe: Did you enjoy the holiday, Song Lin?

Song Lin: Oh yes, it was great, thanks! The food, the parades, and the beautiful fireworks —
it’s always exciting for me. It’s good to spend time with my family, too, although
it can get a bit boring in my hometown after a while. How about you?

Joe: Well, this was my first Chinese New Year. | loved watching the traditional
performances, and | was invited to lots of delicious meals. But, to be frank, the
fireworks going off throughout the night were really annoying.

Song Lin: Oh, well, yes, | can see your point there! But it’s all part of the tradition to
frighten away the evil spirits.

Joe: Yes, well, there seemed to be a lot of them in my area! Anyway, except for that,
everything was fine. I'm really looking forward to the next festival.

4 Share a recent festival experience with your partner and tell him/her how
you felt about the festival and why.

UNIT 1 FESTIVALS AND CELEBRATIONS

Reading for Writing

Write about your festival experience

™@) 1 Read the diary entry and answer the questions.

MY AMAZING NAADAM EXPERIENCE

| experienced the Naadam Festival in China’s Inner Mongolia
Autonomous Region for the first time this year. The festival falls
on the fourth day of the sixth month of the lunar calendar, usually
lasting for three days. Naadam means “games” in Mongolian,
and it is represented by three events: horse racing, wrestling, and
archery, which are all so exciting to watch!

On the first day, | set off to the games early with my friend Burin.
| saw a lot of people wearing fancy Mongolian robes. Some
were feeding their horses, some were practising archery, and
others were chatting or taking photographs. Burin told me that
Mongolians travel every year from near and far to attend the
festival, just as their ancestors had done for centuries.

After the opening ceremony and some amazing performances,
the wrestling competition began. Mongolian wrestling is different
from the wrestling in the Olympic Games. There are no rounds,
and wrestlers are not separated by weight. The wrestler loses if
any part of his body above his knee touches the ground. After
singing some songs, the competitors danced onto the green field,
waving their arms in the air as if they were eagles. | was quite
moved by their show of strength and grace.

| absolutely enjoyed the archery, too, but the horse races were
my favourite part. However, | was surprised to see that the riders
were boys and girls! | heard it is because children are lighter and
the horses can run faster and farther. At first, | was a little worried
about the children’s safety, but Burin said, “Don’t worry. They've
been riding horses all their lives. They'll be just fine.” That was the
moment | started to understand why people say “Horses are at
the heart of Mongolian culture”. ...

I'm finally back home now, feeling really tired, but celebrating
Naadam with my friend was totally worth it. He invited me back for
the winter to stay in a traditional Mongolian tent and eat hot pot. |
can’t wait!

Opening Paragraph:

State the topic
(e.g. where, when,
and with whom
you celebrated the
festival, and also
your main feeling).

First Body

Paragraph:

Describe the start
of the festival and
the surroundings.

Second Body
Paragraph:

Describe in
detail the festival
activities.

Third Body
Paragraph:

Describe in detail
the festival activities.

Closing Paragraph:

Give a brief
summary of the
experience.

1 What does “Naadam” mean? Which events does it include?

2 What Naadam Festival customs did you learn about?

3 What in your opinion is the most impressive thing about the festival?

4 What else would you like to know about the festival and the writer’s experience?

2 Study the organisation and language features.

1 Read the sentence patterns below and use them to rewrite the opening sentence of the article.

© This was my first time spending ... and it was an enjoyable and exciting experience 1

for me. |
I'll never forget ... because ...
e I'll always ... because .

2 Underline the sentences that describe the writer's feelings and emotions.

3 Use what you have learnt to write about a festival or a celebration you have
experienced recently.

1 Make notes of your ideas in the table and then write your draft.
Outline

The name of the festival/celebration:

Main idea of each paragraph Details Feelings

1 The topic and my feeling

2 How | prepared for the
festival/celebration

3 The festival/celebration
activities

4 A summary of my festival/
celebration experience

2 Exchange drafts with a partner. Use the checklist to give feedback on your partner's draft.
Y lsthe writing well-organised?
Is there an opening sentence in the first paragraph?
Does each paragraph include the necessary details?

v

v

~ Does the writer describe his/her feelings and emotions?
Y Does the writer use the -ing form correctly in the writing?
v

Are there any grammar, spelling, or punctuation errors?

3 Get your draft back and revise it.

4 Put up your writing in your classroom or read it to the class.

UNIT 1 FESTIVALS AND CELEBRATIONS 9

Assessing Your Progress

10

1

Fill in the blanks with the correct forms of the words in the box.

march brief media congratulation significant
moment roast lunar represent fancy

1 The beautiful flowers on cherry branches are the most sign of the arrival of spring.

2 In December, many companies have dress parties to celebrate the end of the year.

3 The female soldiers forming the biggest group in the National Day parade
attracted a lot of interest from the

4 The most common colour you see during the Spring Festival is red because red life,
wealth, and good luck in Chinese culture.

5 The newly married couple received dozens of letters of from their friends.

6 If you are the best man at a wedding, it is best to keep your speech simple and

7 She will never forget the when she saw all the audience clapping their hands and
cheering after her performance.

8 Falling on the 9th day of the 9th month, the Chongyang Festival is also called the
Double Ninth Festival. It is a day for people in China to show respect to seniors.

9 To be frank, this chicken tastes horrible.

Circle the correct word in each sentence.

1 Taking part in the celebration was a satisfying/satisfied experience for us.

2 Most of the people were amazing/amazed by the lion dances during the new year
celebrations.

3 The child seemed annoying/annoyed when he found his gift broken.
4 The man dressing/dressed in a ghost costume looks quite frightening/frightened.

5 Kate was surprising/surprised by the sight of the Kongming lanterns flying/flown up
into the sky.

Q REFLECTING

Which festival(s) mentioned in this unit was/were new to you?

Which festival did you find the most interesting? Why?

® Do you wish to add one extra holiday in China? What would you like to celebrate? Why?
Which part of this unit did you find the most difficult?

Overall, | thought this unit was ©) interesting © useful © so-so © difficult.

UNIT 1 FESTIVALS AND CELEBRATIONS
*Project 1: Give a presentation about a minority festival in China

In groups, choose one minority festival in China, research it, and then give a
presentation to the class. Use the example outline below to help you.

Facts about the Zhuang People’s Folk Song Festival

Time: On the third day of the third month of the
Chinese lunar year

Place: In the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous
Region

Minority group: The Zhuang people
Festival activities: Sing songs, ...

Local festival food: _five-coloured sticky rice,
duck in lemon sauce, ...

*Project 2: Make a poster about festival food recipes

In groups, collect some festival food recipes. If possible, learn to cook the food at
home and then make a poster with pictures for the class. Use the example below
to help you.

THE LABA FESTIVAL AND LABA PORRIDGE

The Laba Festival usually occurs about a month before the Chinese Spring Festival. The
festival's traditional food is Laba porridge.

Possible ingredients and steps:

15 Chinese dates 1/4 cup of peanuts

5 peeled longan fruit 1/4 cup of red beans

3 walnuts 1/4 cup of mung beans
1/2 cup of sticky rice 1/4 cup of raisins

1/4 cup of millet

UNIT 1 FESTIVALS AND CELEBRATIONS 11

* Video Time imu

BEFORE YOU WATCH

How much do you know about the Lantern Festival? Look at the table below
and try to fill in the blanks.

WHILE YOU WATCH

Complete the table with the correct words.

Date ¢ On the day of the month of the lunar year
¢ The day of the Chinese New Year celebrations

Festival 1 Looking at lanterns

activities

e Places to see the lanterns:

e Most cities will

2 Guessing riddles

Riddles are often written

3 Eating yuanxiao or tangyuan

se Different fillings are stuffed into balls of sticky ‘

¢ The symbolises reunion, harmony, and j
Interesting The fire dragon dance in Puzhai Town in Province has a
events in history of over years.
history e The Lantern Festival was known as the Chinese Day in the
past. It was a good day for
es Many ancient poets wrote poems about the festival, which describe
happy and also the stories of young
AFTER YOU WATCH

Work with a partner. Use the notes above to help you give a brief introduction
to the Lantern Festival.

12. UNIT 1 FESTIVALS AND CELEBRATIONS
The best portion of a good man's life is his
little, nameless, unremembered acts of
kindness and of love.

—William Wordsworth

Asay
ad 7 — bo

_ GENEROSITY © he

~ Wore

adage

wD

14

Listening and Speaking

Talk about moral dilemmas

1 Before you listen, look at the definition and the picture below. Then discuss
the questions with your group.

A moral dilemma
is a situation in
which you have
two or more
difficult choices
to make. If you
choose one,
you might get in
trouble for not
choosing the
other(s).

1 What moral dilemma is the boy in the picture facing?

2 Have you ever faced a moral dilemma or heard of someone who did? Describe it.

Situation

The girl's

choices Baha.)

Possible

Listen to the conversation and complete the table to describe the moral
dilemma that Jane is talking about.

The girl is taking the entrance examination for _
Beijing. During the exam, the student next to her fainted.

results

, but

are true (T) or false (F).

1 Jane is eager to share the magazine article

with Luke.

2 Luke doubts that young people face moral

dilemmas all the time.

3 Jane admires what the girl in the story did.

the girl in the story did.

5 Jane wonders how the girl became a doctor

ater.

UNIT 2 MORALS AND VIRTUES

Listen again and decide whether the statements

Luke doesn’t believe anybody would do what

Listen for attitudes

When you listen, you should pay
attention not only to the words

but also to HOW the speaker is :
talking. If people strongly disagree |
with something, they might 1
exaggerate their intonation. If you
hear people speaking very quickly

or loudly, they may be excited or
angry. If they speak slowly or stop
often, they may be confused or not
sure about what they are saying. |

RASTA AISNE AMSTEL CIOS
| 4 Listen to the conversation carefully and answer the questions.

1 What did the girl do to help the student?
2 What was the girl’s name? What was she famous for?
3 What did Jane say about the girls life?

5 Think about what you would do if you were ever faced with the same situation
as the girl. Then share your thoughts with your group, and explain the reasons

for your choice.

EXAMPLE

A:

B:
A:
B:

1

O Pronunciation

If | were ever in a situation like the girl faced, | think | would choose to...
Why? Are you sure?

Because | think that ... is most important. What about you?

I think | would ...

Listen to the conversations and match each rising intonation with its
meaning.

1 A: You know Angela?
B: } Yes.

2 A: You volunteer at the local shelter,
J don’t you?

B: Yes. It’s a great experience.

Asking for confirmation.
3 A: Did you hear that James helped an old woman who fell down while crossing

the street?
B: Yes. It was a bit + dangerous, but he got all the cars to stop.

Read the conversation and mark _} in the correct places. Then listen to
the recording to check. Notice the meaning of each rising intonation.
Peter: Its a nice day, isn’t it?

Nick: Yes, but it looks gloomy to me.

Peter: Why? What happened?

Nick: | You know Tony?

Peter: Yes.
Nick: He asked me to write an essay for him. But | don’t think it’s the right thing to
do. Do you?

Peter: No, it’s not.
Nick: — But I’m afraid to lose him as a friend.

Peter: Well, good friends should help each other. But it doesn’t mean you should
help him cheat! Why not help him with his schoolwork?

Nick: Good idea!

UNIT 2 MORALS AND VIRTUES

Reading and Thinking

Learn to make choices in life

1 Before you read, think about this question and share your ideas with your
partner: What are some important life choices?

m@) 2 Read the text about Lin Qiaozhi and then answer the following questions.

1 What hard choices was Dr Lin faced with throughout her life? Underline the sentences about

these choices.

2 What were the results of her choices?

3 What does the author want to illustrate by mentioning Dr Lin’s life choices?

MOTHER OF TEN THOUSAND BABIES

Lin Qiaozhi (1901 —1983)

“Life is precious. ... To a person nothing is more
precious than their life, and if they entrust me
with that life, how could I refuse that trust,
saying I’m cold, hungry, or tired?” These words of
Dr Lin Qiaozhi give us a look into the heart of this
amazing woman, and what carried her through a
life of hard choices.

As a five-year-old girl, Lin Qiaozhi was deeply
affected by her mother’s death. At age 18, instead
of following the traditional path of marriage like

" the majority of girls, she chose to study medicine.

“Why should girls learn so much? Finding a good
husband should be their final goal!” her brother
complained, thinking of the high tuition fees.

_ She responded, “I’d rather stay single to study all

my life!”

Eight years later, Lin graduated from Peking
Union Medical College (PUMC) with the Wenhai

Scholarship, the highest prize given to graduates. She immediately became the first woman
ever to be hired as a resident physician in the OB-GYN department of the PUMC Hospital.
Within six months, she was named a chief resident physician, a position that usually took four
years to achieve. After working for a few years, she was sent to study in Europe and then, in
1939, in the US. She greatly impressed her American colleagues, who invited her to stay. Dr
Lin, however, rejected the offer. She wanted to serve the women and children at home.

In 1941, Dr Lin became the first Chinese woman ever to be appointed director of the OB-GYN
department of the PUMC Hospital, but just a few months later, the department was closed
because of the war. Thinking of all the people still in need of help, Dr Lin opened a private
clinic. She charged very low fees to treat patients and often reduced costs for poor patients.
At times she was even seen riding a donkey to faraway villages to provide medical care.

UNIT 2 MORALS AND VIRTUES
The new People’s Republic of China saw Dr Lin Qiaozhi playing a key role. In 1954, she was
elected to the first National People’s Congress and, over the next several decades, she held
many important positions. Her heart, however, was elsewhere. She was more interested in
tending patients, publishing medical research on care for women and children, and training
the next generation of doctors. “The OB-GYN department cares for two lives,” she told new
staff in her department. “As doctors, we should
be responsible for the patients and treat them as
our sisters.”

Though Lin Oiaozhi never married, she was known
as the “mother of ten thousand babies”, having
delivered over 50,000 babies in her lifetime. Dr
Lin did not retire until the day she died, 22 April
1983. Since she had no children of her own, she
left her savings to a kindergarten and a fund for
new doctors. And even as she lay dying, her final
thoughts were for others. “I’m ready to go,” she
said. “Don’t try to rescue me any more. Don’t
waste the medicine any more.”

3 Read the text again and answer the questions.

Use the facts and details from the text to support Draw conclusions
your conclusions. As you read, pay attention to
. . a . facts and details mentioned
1 What was the main principle guiding Dr Lin through the by the author, and put them
choices in her life? together to draw conclusions

about the topic.
2 What kind of person do you think Dr Lin was?

4 Complete the following sentences using suitable verbs from the text. Be sure
to use the correct forms.

1 Many studies have shown that shy, passive children tend to be socially by
their classmates.

2 She was so scared during the interview that she completely forgot how she should
to the questions.

3 Many Americans about the sharp increase in the cost of health care and
health insurance recently.

4 One of the advantages of energetic and positive young people is that they
to show interest in their work and they are eager to learn.

5 The student union will hold a special meeting in January to _ someone to
replace the secretary.

UNIT 2 MORALS AND VIRTUES 17
Discovering Useful Structures

Describe people’s actions

1 Read the sentences below and discuss the function and meaning of each -ing
form. Then find more examples from the unit.

1... her brother complained, thinking of the high tuition fees.
2 Thinking of all the people still in need of help, Dr Lin opened a private clinic.
3 The new People’s Republic of China saw Dr Lin Qiaozhi playing a key role.

2 Complete the sentences with the correct forms of the verbs in the box.

feel want face smile return worry hear knock

1 __ that his wife had been injured in an accident, Mr Johnson hurried to the hospital.
2 During the operation, she sat in the waiting room for over an hour about him.
3 | saw her whispering something into his ear, obviously not to be heard.
4 He suddenly woke up at midnight when he heard someone at his door.
5 ____ higher import and export costs, the company is looking for ways to survive.
6 __ from the North Pole, the traveller wrote a book about his experience and had
it published the following year.
7 The child lay on her mother’s lap， sweetly.

hurt by the rejection, she bit her lip and quietly walked away.
3 Read the following story and rewrite the underlined parts using the -ing form.

Henry Norman Bethune was a Canadian doctor with a very
creative mind and a determination to help people. As a small

boy, he became very interested in medicine and decided to
become a doctor. After he graduated from medical college
in 1916, Bethune worked as a doctor in England, the
US, and Canada. He reinvented or redesigned over 10
medical instruments to make them more useful. In
1938, Bethune left for China, after he heard that many
people were dying in the war. Despite the difficult
situation, Dr Bethune did whatever he could to assist
the Chinese people. He helped to organise hospitals,
taught doctors and nurses, and showed people how to
give first aid. Sadly, Dr Bethune passed away in November
the following year and was buried in Shijiazhuang. After Dr
Bethune’s death, Chairman Mao Zedong wrote an article in
memory of him, in which he praised Dr Bethune as a hero to
be remembered in China.

18 UNIT 2 MORALS AND VIRTUES
Listening and Talking

Talk about the importance of kindness

O 4

Listen to a radio show and answer these questions.

1 What is the name of the radio show?
2 What does “paying it forward” mean?
3 What does the guest want the listeners to do?

Listen to the radio show again and fill in the blanks to complete the story.

I’m sure you’ve heard the famous country music song “Chain of Love”. The song starts with
aman who helps a lady whose car . The lady wants to pay him, but he won’t
accept payment, instead telling the lady to just to another person. Later,
when the lady stops at a café, she notices her waitress is pregnant and _. When
the lady finishes eating, she pays for her meal with a . Then the lady walks
out, the change and a note for the waitress. Her note tells the waitress to
continue the chain of kindness. The song has a __ ending. The waitress goes
home to her ___ _, happy because of the kindness the lady showed her. Finally we
find out that he is the man who first the chain of kindness!

Think of a story of showing or receiving kindness, either your own story or one
that you have heard of. Then share it with your group. Here are some words and
expressions that may help you.

Telling a story

© I remember this happened when I was ...
once upon a time long ago

© I was on my way to …
first of all then after that

© I was sitting ... when ...
later finally so ;

e It was a ... day/morning ...
however although but

© There were ... on the street ...

Tell a story

When telling a story, you can start by
saying what the story is about. Give the
background to the listeners, including
when and where it took place. Say what
happened step by step and be sure to

use correct tenses. Do not forget to use
sequencing words or linking words.
Finally, finish your story by saying why it is
important to you or why you remember it.

UNIT 2 MORALS AND VIRTUES ”19

Reading for Writing

Share your opinions about a moral story

™@) 1 Read the fable below and answer the questions.

1 What was the king's idea for teaching an important lesson to his people?
2 What was the response from most of the people?
3 What did the young girl think and do when she saw the coins?

THE STONE IN THE ROAD

Once upon a time there was a king who often thought, “Nothing good can come to a
nation whose people only complain and expect others to solve their problems.” One
day, he had an idea.

Early one morning, the king disguised himself and went to a local village. He placed
a large stone in the middle of the main street and hid gold coins under the stone.
Then he hid behind a huge maple tree and watched.

The first person down the street was a milkman with his cart. He crashed into the
stone, spilling the milk everywhere. “What fool put this stone here?" he shouted. He
picked himself up and angrily went away.

After a while, a group of women came along, each balancing a pot of water on her
head. One woman tripped over the stone and her water pot went crashing to the
ground. She picked herself up and limped away in tears. Neither she nor her friends
thought about moving the stone out of the road.

The king watched all day as many people complained about the stone, but he found
nobody making an attempt to move it. The king was in despair. “Is there no one in
this village who feels any responsibility to keep their neighbours from harm?"

Just then, the king saw a young girl coming along. She was the daughter of a local
farmer. She had been working all day and was very tired. But when she saw the
stone, she said to herself, “This stone is a danger to anyone who comes down the
street after dark. I'll move it out of the way."

The girl pushed the stone with all her might. After a great deal of effort, she
finally succeeded in moving it to the side of the street. Imagine her surprise when
she saw the gold coins where the stone had been!

Just then, the king stepped out from behind the tree. “Oh sir," the girl said, “does
this gold belong to you? If not, we surely must find the owner, for he will certainly
miss it."

The king said, “My dear, the gold is mine. I put it in the road and moved the stone
_ over it. Now the gold is yours, because you are the only person who has learnt the
lesson I wanted to teach my people."

20 UNIT 2 MORALS AND VIRTUES
2 This story presented different people’s emotions and responses when they came
across the same problem. Complete the table according to the story.

Person Experience Emotion Response
milkman crashed into the stone angry went away
woman with water
other villagers

young girl

3 Work in pairs. Discuss the questions.
; Write a review
1 What do you think this fable is trying to tell us? Do you The Wale purpose af ae lew
think the king was wise? Why or why not? is to give your opinion about a

: ‘ ; ， piece of writing. You should first 、
2 Can you think of times in your own life when you felt give a short description of the

and acted like the girl or like the other people in the writing, and then clearly state
story? Give examples. your opinion and your reasons.

4 Write a review of the fable. Use the outline below to help you.

Paragraph 1: e What is the title of the story?
Basic information ¢ What kind of story is it?

about the story ¢ What is the main idea of the story?
Paragraph 2: e What is the author's purpose?

Your analysis of ¢ Were the details of the story clear?
the story Do you think the story achieved its purpose?

Paragraph 3: e What did you like about the story?
Your opinion about e What did you not like about the story?
the story Would you recommend this story to others?

5 Exchange drafts. Use the checklist to give feedback on your partner's draft.

Does the writer give a short description of the story?

Does the description include the most important details of the story?
Does the writer give his/her opinion about the characters or their actions?
Is the review well-organised?

Does the writer use the -ing form as the adverbial in the review?

Bs 4% S

Are there any grammar, spelling, or punctuation errors?

6 Get your draft back and revise it. Then put your review up in the classroom.

UNIT 2 MORALS AND VIRTUES

21

Assessing Your Progress

1 Circle the correct word in each sentence.

1 Jack stood in front of the class, completely forgetting/forgotten every word that he had
prepared for his speech.

2 Seeing/Seen the tennis star leaving the court, the girl quickly picked up her camera and
ran over to him.

They were very proud to see their son awarded/awarding the university scholarship.

When asking/asked about their work schedules, many people preferred more flexible
work hours.

5 John watched the woman talking/talked to the air, thinking/thought that she might be
crazy.

6 Impressed/Impressing with her fluent English, the manager offered Julie a job interview.

2 Complete the passage with the correct forms of the words below. Then
answer the question: What is the author's attitude towards the doctors?

clinic complain majority staff response harm physician

According to a recent survey, the of doctors believed their incomes did not match
how hard they worked. The survey found that about 50 percent of the doctors were not
satisfied with their working conditions, especially those from hospitals in small towns.

A working in a large public hospital often has to see 100 patients per day. The
researchers conducting the survey concluded that if hospitals and serving the
general public received more support, it would help to keep their medical from

leaving the profession, and therefore the public would continue to receive good health services.

In to a question about tensions between doctors and patients, some respondents
that misleading media reports about doctors have greatly society, causing
the public to distrust medical workers.

© My favourite story of this unit was because :
© After studying this unit, | think is/are the most important of all virtues.
© | found it to understand and use the grammar structures in this unit.

® | had some problems with
© | would like to learn more about :
© Overall, | thought this unit was © interesting © thought-provoking © so-so © difficult,

22 UNIT 2 MORALS AND VIRTUES
*Project: Make a poster to motivate others to practise virtues

1 Ingroups, brainstorm more virtues to add to the list below. Then discuss which of
these virtues are most needed in our society today.

patriotism

thankfulness
integrity

generosity

friendliness
honesty

forgiveness cooperation

loyalty
courage

2 Make a poster to explain what virtue it is and to motivate people to practise it.
Divide up the work among your group members.
1 Collect sayings or quotations about the virtue.
2 Analyse the sayings and group them in a logical way.
3 Look for or draw a picture to illustrate the virtue.

THANKFULNESS

Thankfulness is realising and appreciating what you have.

Be thankful, because you have more than others!

= If you see no reason for giving thanks, the fault lies in yourself. (Indian proverb)

= IT had no shoes and complained, until I met a man who had no feet. (Indian proverb)
Be thankful, because you have been given much!

= If you can read this, thank a teacher. (Anonymous)

= When eating fruit, think of the person who planted the tree. (Asian proverb)

Be thankful, because it will shape your whole life!

= Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on
what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough. (Oprah Winfrey)

UNIT 2 MORALS AND VIRTUES 23

* Video Time du

BEFORE YOU WATCH

Complete each sentence with your best guess.

1 The teachings of Confucius have been an important part of Chinese culture for more than

years.
His teachings are all about the most basic Of life.
Confucius thought that was the most important moral principle.

According to Confucius, this highest principle begins with love for

a fF oO mm

Confucius said, “Whatever you don't like done to yourself, don’t 2

WHILE YOU WATCH

1 Check your answers in Before You Watch.
2 Circle the correct words to complete the sentences below.

1 Confucian thought is still greatly valued in China and in other East/Southeast Asian countries.
If students really understood Confucian ideas, it could change society/their lives.

In English, only a few/many different words can be used to translate Confucius’s highest
moral principle.

4 Mencius/Zigong explained this principle as “loving one’s parents, loving people, loving
everything in the world”.

5 Confucius taught Zigong that the one single concept to take as a guide for all actions in
life is happiness/fairness.

AFTER YOU WATCH

Work in groups. Discuss the questions.

1 In what ways do you think Confucian thought still influences education and society in China?
2 Do you think that your life would change if you understood and practised ren every day?

3 How would the Confucian idea of fairness change society around you if everybody started
practising fairness in everything?

24 UNIT 2 MORALS AND VIRTUES
| The beauty i”
jf; the diversi ahi

~ 7 Inthis unit, youwill oe

1 read a travel journal about San Francisco 9 and
discover its Chinatown.

2 listen to an interview about American food and
talk about Chinese ethnic minority cultures.

3 write a cultural introduction to your city or town.

4 explore the diverse cultures of the world.

i

_ 4

Look and discuss
1 Where do you think this photo was taken?
2 What can you see in the photo? How
would you describe it?

Listening and Speaking

Talk about the origins of American food

1 Look at the photos of American food and match them with their names. Then
guess which countries’ cuisine influenced the food’s invention.

hamburger 加 fortune cookie gumbo nachos

4) 2 Listen to a radio interview about American food and check whether your

answers to Activity 1 are correct.

(> 3 Listen to the interview again and decide whether the statements are true (T]

26

or false (F).
1 No food was ever invented in America. 7) 国
2 Hamburgers were invented in Germany. it a
3 Nachos were invented for Americans by a foreigner. a) Be)
4 Every Chinese restaurant in America has fortune cookies. 7)
5 American cooking often mixes things from around the world to make

something completely new. 7) 国 |

UNIT 3 DIVERSE CULTURES

( 4 Listen to the interview Y
again and complete the
notes below.

Take notes

When taking notes, just write down the key words, such as names,
dates, and numbers. They will help you remember things later
on. To save time and space, omit all articles (a, an, the) and use
abbreviations. For example, use “N.O.” for New Orleans, “bc” for
because, “yrs” for years, “+” for and, and so on.

Names of food Notes
Hamburger ea mix of + cultures
. chips covered in cheese
Nachos
e made by cook for
Fortune cookie : nae : anon - 2 :
© apiece of with on it inside cookie
® spicy stew
Gumbo e invented in N.O. about yrs ago
| 。 mixes ， : , + Spanish cooking

5 Imagine you are invited to a potluck dinner at an American friend’s house. Work
in pairs and discuss what special dish{es) you will take. The following questions
may help you.

1 What food/snack from which area/ethnic group will you bring?
2 Howis the food prepared and what is it made of?
3 How is this food special?

o Pronunciation My

() 1 Listen to the passage about Native Americans. Mark the pauses that you
hear. The first sentence has been done for you.

No one really knows exactly | when the first people arrived | in what we now know as
California. || It is likely that Native Americans moved to California at least fifteen thousand
years ago. Scientists believe that these settlers crossed the Bering Strait by a land
bridge which existed in prehistoric times. In the 16th century, the native people suffered
greatly after the arrival of the Europeans. Thousands of them were killed or forced into
slavery. In addition, many died from the diseases brought by the Europeans. However,
some survived these terrible times, and today there are more Native Americans living in
California than in any other state of America.

©) 2 Listen again and repeat.

J

UNIT 3 DIVERSE CULTURES) = 27

Reading and Thinking

Learn about a city that has diverse cultures

1 Find San Francisco on
the map and discuss this

Jie,
question in groups: What pe
do you know and want to — on
know about the city? SK Yok

Washington, D.C,

™@) 2 Scan LiLan’s travel
journal and find out the
places that she hasbeen ——
to or plans to visit.

ip

ALASKA HAWAII

Wednesday, 21 June

Today was my first day back in San Francisco after camping in the Redwood Forest and
visiting the wine country of Napa Valley. | have to admit that it definitely feels good to be back
in the city again. And what a city—a city that was able to rebuild itself after the earthquake that
occurred in 1906. There are so many beautiful old buildings—many sitting on top of big hills,
offering great views of the city, the ocean, and the Golden Gate Bridge.

My hotel is near downtown, in the Mission District, one
of the oldest parts of the city. Many of the people living
here are from Mexico or Central America. This district
used to be a poor area of town, but is now a centre for
art, music, and food. In fact, an art movement called
the “Mission School” started here. It's influenced by
graffiti art and comic art. | walked around looking at the
street art for a few hours. It was quite modern and lively.
Afterwards, | ate some delicious Mexican-Chinese
noodles from a food truck. A real mix of cultures here!

In the afternoon, | headed to a local museum that showed the
historical changes in California. | learnt that America got California
from Mexico in 1848. In the same year, gold was discovered
near San Francisco, which started a gold rush. Over 300,000
people came from all over the world to seek their fortune, and
San Francisco quickly became a big city. Many Chinese arrived
during this period. To earn a living, some opened up shops and
restaurants in Chinatown. Many others found jobs on farms, joined
the gold rush, or went to build the railway that joined California to
the eastern region of the country. The museum did a really good
job of showing how America was built by immigrants from different countries and cultures.
When these immigrants left their countries, they carried a bit of home in their hearts, and built a
new home here.

POCO DUC

28 UNIT 3 DIVERSE CULTURES
Gout d

This evening, | went to Chinatown. There were so many good cafés and restaurants to choose from.

| selected a Cantonese restaurant that served its food on beautiful china plates. What great food!

That's enough for today. Tomorrow evening, I'm going to a jazz bar in the Richmond District. Can't wait!

3 Read the travel journal again and complete the timeline of Li Lan’s trip.

Before coming to San Francisco Classify and organise information

We can better understand a passage by classifying
or organising the information in it. Classifying

means deciding the kind of information, e.g. dates,

numbers, opinions. Organising means putting things
in order, e.g. according to how old, how much, what
kind. Sometimes it is a good idea to draw a diagram
to organise the information in the passage.

Res RISES AER DENEI SET EL!

SENET ASN?

| morning | afternoon 4 evening | tomorrow 7

4 Answer the questions using information from the travel journal.

1 What impressed the writer first about San Francisco?

2 What is so special about the Mission District?

3 Why did Chinese immigrants go to San Francisco?

4 What examples of ethnic diversity can you find in the journal?

5 Discuss these questions in groups.

1 Have you ever been to a place that has a diverse culture? What do you think brought about

the cultural diversity?

2 What are the benefits and challenges of cultural diversity?

6 Complete the following sentences using words from the travel journal. Be

sure to use the correct forms.

1 Over 3,000 lives were claimed in the 1906 San Francisco earthquake and the series of

fires that after it. More than 80% of the city was destroyed, including much of
the area. One area that was hit the hardest was the Mission
2 Yunnan Province is one of the most diverse provinces that | have ever been to.

Apart from being the kingdom of flowers, it is home to many ethnic minority groups. After

visiting the southern part of Yunnan, | have to that it is the best
China to escape the cold winter.

of

UNIT 3 DIVERSE CULTURES

29

Discovering Useful Structures

Understand the use of ellipsis in English

1 Read the following sentences and find the words that have been omitted to
avoid repetition.
1 A: Oh, | just love nachos! Mexican corn chips covered in cheese!
B: Me, too.
2 A: Soit’s the food of many different cultures, all in one dish?
B: Exactly.
3 Areal mix of cultures here!
4 Can't wait!

2 Rewrite the sentences by taking out the unnecessary parts.
1 You mean you are planning a trip across the Atlantic for a holiday? It sounds like a good
idea.
2 He tried to solve his financial problems, but he couldn’t solve the problems.

3 Ifit is necessary, I'll finish my report on American poetry as soon as it is possible.

4 Are you going to dress like that? Wearing a dress might be better than wearing jeans and
boots.

5 Some wild mushrooms are poisonous and some are not poisonous.
6 | really like that paper folding book, and my son likes that paper folding book, too.

3 Read the conversation. Find out which words have been left out.
Justin: Linlin, I’m going to Guizhou Province next month. I’m super excited! Any

recommendations for places to visit?

Linlin: Wow, cool! Guizhou is a province with a lot of cultural diversity. Places to visit ... well,
definitely the Huangguoshu Waterfall first.

Justin: What's special about the waterfall?

Linlin: Well, have you ever heard of the Chinese novel Journey to the West?

Justin: Yes, | have. Why?

Linlin: In the back of the waterfall, you will find a cave, which is the home of the Monkey King.
Justin: Really? Cool! |’ll definitely check it out.

Linlin: And | strongly recommend the ethnic minority villages. You'll find Chinese culture is
much more diverse than you thought.

Justin: Sounds great, thanks!

Listening and Talking

Talk about ethnic minority cultures in China

1 Look at the photos below and guess what ethnic minority groups might be
talked about.

( 2 Justin met a new friend while travelling in Guizhou. Listen to their conversation
and complete the summaries below.

Part 1

Justin and watched some people play the . The

instrument has a history of over years and it is even mentioned in the oldest

collection of Chinese poetry. Then they watched the . Justin wanted to buy
some hand-made accessories as souvenirs. He was told that the price will

depend on the percentage of

Part 2

They will go to a pretty minority village called . They will see the
__and the . They may also see a performance of

3 Work in groups. Imagine Justin is telling some friends about his trip to
Guizhou. One of you is Justin and the rest of you are his friends. Ask Justin
questions about his trip and experience. The following expressions may help

you.
Showing you are listening
Exactly! You're right! I see. I know what you mean.
No way! You're kidding! Really? I can't believe it!

Great!/Super! That’s interesting. Wow! Tell me about it!

UNIT 3 DIVERSE CULTURES = 31
Reading for Writing

Describe a place with distinctive cultural identity

™@) 1 Read the introduction to the Chinatown in San Francisco and answer the
questions.

1 What are the famous tourist sites in the Chinatown of San Francisco?
2 What else can you do there?

WELCOME TO CHINATOWN!

The Chinatown in San Francisco is the biggest in America, and also the oldest. It is a
very popular tourist draw that receives more visitors each year than even the Golden
Gate Bridge. The climate is mild all year round, meaning it is always a good time to visit.

Historically, Chinese immigrants settled in the area during the railroad construction and
gold rush period. What started as a residential area for Chinese immigrants then turned
into a centre for Chinese culture. The majority of residents in Chinatown are still ethnic
Chinese, many of whom do not speak English fluently. This allows visitors to experience
a real taste of China.

Most of Chinatown was destroyed in
the 1906 earthquake, but the city and
residents rebuilt it, taking care to include
lots of Chinese architecture. Traditionally,
visitors enter Chinatown through the
legendary Dragon Gate, which was built
using materials donated from China. Other
famous sites include the Tin How Temple
and Bank of Canton, to name but a few. :
Visitors can also spend hours just exploring the interesting sights, smells, and sounds
of China. Portsmouth Square is also a key site, being the centre of Chinatown. It has a
long and famous history, with the author Robert Louis Stevenson having spent much
time writing there. These days, the square is a great place to see traditional Chinese
Culture in real life, such as games of Chinese chess, and people practising tai chi.

The stores in the Chinatown offer a unique range of souvenirs, goods, and clothing. All
kinds of traditional Chinese herbal medicine can be found, too, and there are Chinese
tea stores, where visitors can taste and buy varieties of Chinese tea.

But perhaps what many tourists and San Franciscans treasure most about Chinatown
is its food. There is Chinese food to suit everyone's taste, with traditional dishes from all
over China.

Chinatowns are an important part of the diverse culture of the USA. They allow visitors
who have never been to China to experience traditional Chinese culture first hand.

32 UNIT 3 DIVERSE CULTURES
2 Study the organisation and language features.

1 What information is included in the introduction? Tick the items that are mentioned.

____ location climate ___ history

_____ population ____ ethnic groups ____ languages

______ famous figures ____ legends/stories ____ famous food/drink
____ businesses and ____ other names for

soe OEE Atlractions industries the city/town

2 Underline the sentences that are used to describe the items above.

3 Use what you have learnt to write an introduction to your city/town.

1 In groups, brainstorm as much information as possible about your city/town and its culture.
Then write an outline of your introduction.

2 Write an introduction to your city/town. The following phrases and expressions may help you.

@ is located in/on e has a history of ... years

® is divided up into ® has a population of

eis... insize ® is home to ... ethnic groups

® the most popular/greatest/largest ® popular festivals/foods/tourist sights
include ...

3 Exchange drafts with a partner. Use the checklist to give feedback on your partner's draft.

w lsthe city/town introduction clear?

~ |s the information specific and are the facts correct?

“ Does the city/town introduction contain all the important information?
~ |s the information arranged in a good order?

~ Does the passage have a proper beginning and conclusion?

v Are there any grammar, spelling, or punctuation errors?

4 Get your draft back and revise it.

4 Put up your introduction in your classroom or read it to the class.

UNIT 3 DIVERSE CULTURES =. 33
Assessing Your Progress

1 Complete the following sentences using the correct forms of the words in the box.

admit claim diverse downtown fold mild
mission occur select settle suit super

1 The population of this district is quite , with immigrants from many countries
here.

2 When Columbus landed in the New World, he the land for Spain.

3 The famous bar street is located in the area of the city. A large number of

restaurants and cafés have opened along the street since 2000.

4 | don't think a man’s main in life is to earn as much money as possible. My dream
is to live a more meaningful life.

5 It was confirmed that a earthquake ____ at 6:37 p.m. on Saturday evening in
Hebei Province, causing no damage.

6 Sherealydida job. | must that she is the best designer | have ever met.

7 We have a range of gifts to all tastes, and we also have a programme that can
make it quicker and easier for you to from our products.

8 He arranged all the books in a neat row and then put his clothes away.
2 Simplify the underlined sentences using ellipsis. Then role-play the

conversation. Pay attention to how ellipsis is used.

A: We've got to write a paper on music in the US. Do you have any ideas about what kinds of
music are popular there? | only know hip-hop seems popular.

B: Yeah. Hip-hop is generally popular in the US, but different parts of the country listen to
different types of music.

: Can you give an example of this?

: Well, for example, in southern US, they have their own culture.
: So, do you mean they have something like a subculture?

: Right. The history in that region has given them a different identity.
: Country music is popular there, right?

Dron rpro p>

: Well. Not only is country music popular in the south, but blues, rock and roll, bluegrass,
and jazz are popular in the south as well.

A: Ah, of course they are popular! | forgot about New Orleans jazz!

? REFLECTING

©

What did you learn about cultural diversity in this unit?

©

What else would you like to know about different cultures around the world?

©

What was the most interesting thing that you learnt in this unit?

©

What problems did you have in learning this unit?
Overall, | thought this unit was © interesting O useful © so-so © difficult.

©

34 UNIT 3 DIVERSE CULTURES
*Project: Create a travel brochure

Imagine you are working in a Chinese travel agency and you are supposed to create a
travel brochure for foreign travellers so that they can experience diverse cultures in
China.
1 Ingroups, discuss these questions.
1 How long will the travellers stay in China?
2 What kind of activities will they be interested in?
3 Which provinces or cities should be introduced? What cultures are these places famous for?
4 What attractions do these places have?

2 Search online for more information and then write out your travel brochure.
Use the information from this unit and the example below to help you.

New cultures, new experiences

Welcome to the United States, one of the most culturally diverse countries in the world!

Here, you can visit historical attractions and learn more about the cultural traditions of
different ethnic groups.

African Americans Asian Americans
Tennessee: Visit the National Civil California:
Rights Museum to listen to first-hand + Explore the oldest Chinatown in North
accounts of life before the American Civil America, one of the most popular tourist
War. attractions in the city of San Francisco.

+ Take a boat ride to Angel Island and visit
Louisiana: Explore Tremé, New the state park to find out more about the
Orleans, the oldest African American experiences of the first Asian immigrants
neighbourhood in the United States, to the United States.

and enjoy amazing performances in the
hometown of jazz music.

Native Americans

Washington: Make a trip down to the
National Museum of the American
Indian, the first national museum that
showcases Native American heritage.

New Mexico: Learn more about Native
American arts, crafts and traditions
by participating in the Gathering of
Nations, the largest gathering in North
America with representatives from
hundreds of tribes.

3 Present your travel brochure to the class. Then vote on which trip your class
would like to take.

UNIT 3 DIVERSE CULTURES

35
* Video Time du

BEFORE YOU WATCH

Match each word or phrase with the correct definition. You may use a dictionary
to help you.

1 global village ______ the fact of belonging to a particular race

2 multiculturalism ______ without a set plan or pattern

3 resident _____ used to describe a world where everything is connected

4 ethnicity ______ someone who lives in a place

5 cherish ____ a place where people of different backgrounds live together
6 Hispanic ______ accepting and including people from different cultures

7 random __ treat with care and love

8 melting pot ______ a person whose first language is Spanish, especially one

from Latin America living in the US

Complete the sentences with the correct words.

selected people to have different backgrounds.

_ 1. The residents of Queens come from different nations.

: 2 More than different languages are spoken in Queens.

| 3 The family of one woman who was interviewed has been Puerto Rican for more than
| generations.

; 4 A 2001 study measured diversity based on how likely it is for randomly

|

5 This survey can prove that Queens is the place in the US.
AFTER YOU WATCH
Discuss the following questions in groups.

1 Do you think it would be easy to live in Queens if you were an immigrant? Why or why not?
2 Do you think China is a diverse country? Why or why not?

36 UNIT 3 DIVERSE CULTURES
SPACE
EXPLORATION

Talk about how to become an astronaut

1 You are going to listen to an interview with an astronaut. Before you listen, discuss
the questions in groups.

1 Can you name any famous astronauts from China or abroad?

2 Do you know anything about the selection procedure for astronauts? Make a list of the
possible requirements.

ihe]

Listen to the interview and tick the correct statements.
1 The audience is curious about how Yang Liwei became the first Chinese astronaut.
2 Mr Yang always believed that he would become an astronaut one day.
_] 3 Mr Yang was selected to attend pilot training with 13 other people.
4 To become an astronaut in China, you have to have 1,350 hours of flying experience.

L 5 Astronauts not only had to learn how to use space equipment, but also had to do a lot
of mental and physical training.

3 Listen again and fill in the blanks with the correct numbers.

1 Yang Liwei graduated from college at the age of

2 Before he joined China’s space programme, Mr Listen for numbers

Yang trained as a fighter pilot for —__years.
Number questions are typically related
3 MrYangwasoneofthe _ pilots who were to: time, telephone numbers, addresses,
chosen to train for space flights. prices, weights, distances, etc. When
you listen for numbers, you need to pay
4 At the time when Mr Yang entered the space special attention to big numbers as
programme, astronauts had to be shorter than Wess ese iat sound quite sigiley,
im halaht And:| tha lef such as thirteen and thirty, fourteen
_______cminheight andless than skin and forty, etc.
weight.

5 Mr Yang became China’s first astronaut when he
was years old.

38 UNIT 4 SPACE EXPLORATION
4 Listen to the interview ne and make a list of the requirements for becoming an
astronaut...
e Education background:
e Experience:
@ Health condition:

e Courses:

© Special training:

5 Work in pairs. Discuss whether you would like to be an astronaut in the future and
give your reasons. Use what you have learnt from the interview to help you.

EXAMPLE

A: You know, | think being an astronaut would be cool.

B: Do you want to work in space in the future?

A: I'm not sure, but | think it might be too difficult for me. There are so many requirements.
First of all, you must be intelligent enough to get a related college degree. Then you
have to ...

B: So what might be the most difficult part for you?

A: | guess it might be the ...

o Pronunciation

1 Read the poem. Mark the stressed syllables with © and unstressed syllables with o.
Then try reading the poem to each other with rhythm.

Gravity
Oo O70 °° oO
One day, Isaac Newton sat Not only apples, but all of us
°o O00 0o€d
And saw an apple fall. Stay still though Earth spins round.”
Then he thought, “It’s not just fruit! Of course, we know that this is true!

Something pulls us all.” Earth goes round but we stay still.
“There is a force,” he said to himself, What goes up must come down,
“That pulls things to the ground, And it always will.

党 2 Listen and repeat after the recording. Check whether your mark-ups are correct.
ee:

UNIT 4 SPACE EXPLORATION

39

Reading and Thinking

Learn about the development of space exploration

1 Before you read, look at the title and the photos. Discuss these questions in pairs.

1 What do you think are the main reasons for space exploration?
2 What do you expect to read about in this text?

m@) 2 Read the text. Several sentences have been removed from it. Choose the
correct sentence (A-D) to fill each gap.

A Although scientists try to make sure nothing Y
goes wrong, accidents can still happen. Summarise the main idea
B They also really wish to discover other planets When the main idea is not clearly
that are suitable enough to support life. stated in a topic sentence, you
é : 3 should read the full paragraph
C The future of space exploration remains bright. or passage carefully and find

5 : the words or ideas that repeat
D After many experiments, they succeeded in themselves. They are likely

making rockets that could escape Earth’s evidence of the author's main idea.
gravity.

SPACE: THE FINAL FRONTIER

“Are we alone? Whats out there?” Looking up at the stars, people have always wanted
to learn more about space, and scientists work hard to find answers. They make
vehicles to carry brave people into space to find out the secrets of the universe.

Before the mid-20th century, most people felt travelling into space was an impossible
dream. However, some scientists were determined to help humans realise their dream to
explore space. soe Po = On 4 October 1957,
the Sputnik 1 satellite was launched by the USSR and successfully orbited around
Earth. Afterwards, the USSR focused on sending people into space, and on 12 April
1961, Yuri Gagarin became the first person in the
world to go into space. Over eight years later, on
20 July 1969, American astronaut Neil Armstrong
stepped onto the moon, famously saying, “That’s
one small step for [a] man, one giant leap for
mankind.” Following this, many more goals were
achieved. For example, America’s NASA space
agency launched Voyager 1 on 5 September 1977
to study deep space, and it still transmits data
today.

agi” RES Sas x
Apolie#t Mooittanding =

i All the astronauts on the USSR's Soyuz 11 and
Mr America’s Challenger died during their missions.

3 Use your own words to summarise the main idea for each paragraph. |

Paragraph 1:

Paragraph 2:

Paragraph 3:

Paragraph 4:

Paragraph 5:

4 What does the title “Space: The Final Frontier” mean to you? Share your ideas
with the whole class.

5 Complete the passage with words from the text.
M is exploring space in the hope of finding out more about the u . However,
exploring space is both dangerous and challenging. One of the most dangerous parts
of space exploration is helping people to escape Earth’s g . If there is a mistake
during the | , it can lead to an accident that kills everyone on b . Getting out
of o and back to Earth’s surface is also very dangerous. Despite the huge risks
though, people will always continue to explore this final f so as to learn its secrets.

These disasters made everyone sad and disappointed, but the desire
to explore the universe never died. This is because people believe in
| the importance of carrying on space exploration despite the huge risks.
An example of this ongoing work is the International Space Station.
It orbits Earth and has astronauts from different countries on board,
providing a continuous human presence in space.

Challenger after
the accident _

China’s space programme started later than those of Russia and the
US, but it has made great progress in a short time. China became
the third country in the world to independently send humans into
space in 2003, when Yang Liwei successfully orbited Earth in the
Shenzhou 5 spacecraft. Then Shenzhou 6 and 7 completed a second
manned orbit and the first Chinese spacewalk, followed by the vehicle
Jade Rabbit being sent to the moon to study its surface. After that,
China launched the Tiangong 2 space lab into space and Tianzhou
1 to dock with it. This signalled one step further in China’s plan to
establish a space station in the future. More recently, China has sent
Chang’e 4 to explore the surface of the far side of the moon to make
measurements and observations.

Europe, the US, and China all have
plans to further study and explore planets like Mars and Jupiter. Despite the difficulties,
scientists hope future discoveries will not only enable us to understand how the universe
began, but also help us survive well into the future.

Discovering Useful Structures

Describe space facts and efforts to explore space

1 Look at the following sentences and focus on the italicised infinitives. In pairs,
discuss their functions and meanings. Find more examples from the unit.

| trained for a long time to fly airplanes as a fighter pilot.
As we all know, an astronaut needs to be healthy and calm in order to work in space.
First of all, you must be intelligent enough to get a related college degree.

Some scientists were determined to help humans realise their dream to explore space.

a fF OND 一

On 12 April 1961, Yuri Gagarin became the first person in the world to go into space.

2 Rewrite the sentences using infinitives or “in order to/so as to + do”. Change the
italicised parts accordingly.
1 In 2003 Yuri Malenchenko became the first person who got married in space. >
In 2003 Yuri Malenchenko became the first person to get married in space.
2 In space, astronauts collect all dirty water so that it can be recycled for later use. >
In space, astronauts collect all dirty water so as to recycle it for later use.

3 Mankind has always been curious about the universe and many people have dreamt that
one day they would fly into space.

4 Astronauts’ bones and muscles can get very weak in space due to the lack of gravity, so
they need to exercise every day, which will help them stay healthy.

5 Astronauts have to use tape to stick everything down while working in space because
everything would float off otherwise.

6 During a spacewalk, astronauts have to move slowly so that they can keep their bodies
under control.

3 Complete the passage with the correct forms of the verbs in brackets.

Sending people to other planets or even beyond the solar system is not an easy goal
(achieve). One of the problems is that the trip would take a very long time. For example,
(use) current technology, it would take over two years (get) to the closest
planet, Mars, and back. Although light is the fastest thing (Know) in the universe, it
could take more than four years to reach the nearest star system. Will scientists figure out a way
(store) sufficient food and water for the long journey? Is it possible to travel faster
than light? No one knows the answers yet. However, space scientists never give up. They are
experimenting with growing crops in space so as (help) astronauts get enough food
on longer journeys through space.

42, “UNIT 4 SPACE EXPLORATION

Listening and Talking

Talk about life in space

1 Before you listen, look at the pictures below and guess whether they would be useful
for astronauts in space.

amma

soap towel guitar
) 5 71
\ #
_———
microwave pen tape tissue

() 2 Maxis interviewing Captain Brown about his life in space. Listen to the interview
and answer the questions.

What did Captain Brown usually wear inside the station?

How did he prepare his food in space?

How did he keep himself clean in space?

How did he spend most of his time in space?

What did he do during his free time?

What did he look forward to most during his stay in space?

oar wn =

3 Workin groups. Imagine you are going to a space camp and Captain Brown has
been invited to give a talk. Discuss the questions you would like to ask him and
then make a list.

EXAMPLE

A: Hey, guys. We're going to meet a real astronaut. Isn't it exciting?

B: Yeah. | can’t wait to see Captain Brown! I’m really curious about his life in space. | have
plenty of questions to ask him.

C: Such as?
B: Oh, such as what facilities do they have in space to support their daily life?

C: That sounds like a good question. But I’d also like to know about how astronauts sleep.
What do they do so as not to float around while they sleep?

Expressing curiosity

@ I'd love to know ... © I wonder how/what/why/...

© Well, I'd really like to find out .… @ I'd particularly like to know ...

@ I’m most curious about ... © I’m most interested to discover ...
@ I'm very keen to know ... © I wish to know ...

© I hope you won't mind me asking about ...

UNIT 4 SPACE EXPLORATION

43
Reading for Writing

#)

44

Present an argument about space exploration

1 Read the argumentative essay about space exploration and answer the questions.

IS EXPLORING SPACE
A WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY?

i Se =

NASA satellite image of Typhoon Goni

Countries around the globe are spending billions |

of dollars and lots of time on various space
missions, whether to Mars or other planets
much further away. Some people argue that we
should stop wasting time and money exploring
space. Instead, we should feed the world’s poor
and find immediate solutions to other problems,
such as pollution and fatal diseases. However,

others feel this is a shallow view which fails to |

realise how exploring space helps us.

Firstly, exploring space has already made a

|
difference in the fight against world hunger. It |
has directly resulted in the many satellites that |

now orbit Earth. A number of the satellites
record data on land and weather patterns.

Then the data is transmitted to scientists on |

Earth. After careful analysis, the scientists
can provide useful recommendations and

. |
advice for farmers. As a result, space-based

science has helped farming in its efforts to
grow enough food to feed Earth’s increasing
population.

UNIT 4 SPACE EXPLORATION

Secondly, space exploration has already promoted
technological improvements that benefit us all.
High-end products around the world are made
to a higher standard now because of advanced
technology which was first created to meet the
requirements for space exploration. For example,
space technologies have helped the research
and development of different types of new
material. They have also helped companies make
better heart monitors and other machines that
doctors regularly use. Today, space technologies
are widely used in all kinds of industries, and
everyday products such as GPS, memory foam
pillows, and smartphone cameras are changing
our lives.

Finally, sending astronauts into space has helped
people to think about the world’s problems and
even to find ways to solve them. Seeing pictures
of our planet as an island in a black sea made
people realise that our planet’s resources are
limited. In order to provide for such a rapidly
increasing population, scientists are trying to
find other planets that could one day be our new
home. The greatest attention at present is on
Mars because it is closer to Earth. In the future,
humans may live on both planets.

In closing, exploring space provides the world
with many different benefits. Therefore, it
should continue so as to provide new and better
solutions to people’s short-term and long-term
problems.
1 Why are some people against space exploration?

2 What has space exploration done for food production?

3 What did the pictures of Earth from space make people realise?

4 How does space exploration benefit the products that people use nowadays?

2 Study the organisation and language features.

1 Read the first paragraph and underline the different opinions about space exploration.

2 Find the three topic sentences that summarise the writer’s arguments about space
exploration.

3 Underline the sentence that repeats the writers opinion in the last paragraph.

3 Use what you have learnt to write about your opinion about space exploration.
1 Are these arguments for or against exploring space? Put them in the table below. Then add
your own ideas and write your essay.

A There are a lot of unsolved mysteries on Earth. So why are we going into space to
explore?

B It is necessary to find a new home for people in space, as the resources on Earth will
run out.

C | cannot understand spending all this money on expensive research and experiments
when so many people need food.

D Exploring space encourages scientists to improve technology that can help people in
other ways, too.

For space exploration Against space exploration

s
of
2 Exchange drafts with a partner. Use the checklist to give feedback on your partner's draft.
w Does the introduction state the topic?
¥ Does the introduction express different opinions about the topic?
Y Does the body give arguments with suitable supporting information?
w Does the closing express the writer's opinion and end properly?
w Are there any grammar, spelling, or punctuation errors?

3 Get your draft back and revise it.

4 Present your essay to the rest of the class.

UNIT 4 SPACE EXPLORATION = 45

Assessing Your Progress

46

1

Read the passage about Lee’s work in space and fill in the blanks with the
words and phrases in the box.

agency astronaut data determined
intelligent satellite figure out result in

Lee was busy at work. Unlike most people around the world though, his workplace was in

space. There was a problem with a(n) . It was supposed to send information about
the sun back to the on Earth, but the equipment for sending the was not
working properly. So it was Lee’s mission to the problem and solve it.

Lee was very as a(n) , and he was also very careful. He was to

make the satellite work properly again, but he would make sure to be safe. He knew that one
small mistake could death.

Complete the sentences with the correct forms of the words in the box.

send survive prevent reach breathe step land sleep use help

_

After having succeeded in satellites into space, people wanted to know if it was
safe for a human to go into space. On 3 November 1957, a dog named Laika became the
first living thing space. She was also the first one to die there.

2 The USSR and the US both wanted to be the first to send a person to the moon. Later,

the US succeeded, and Neil Armstrong became the first man onto the moon.
During the first moon landing, astronauts had no vehicles , So they had to
explore the moon on foot. On the fourth mission on the moon, astronauts took

a lunar vehicle so that they could explore places further away.

3 Astronauts must wear spacesuits when they work in space because there is no air
and it can be very cold outside the spacecraft. While , they must attach
themselves to something so as floating around.

4 The accident on the Apollo 13 spacecraft resulted in a loss of oxygen, water, and electrical
power. The astronauts on board had to fight . At the same time, Houston's
Mission Control worked hard the astronauts return to Earth safely.

REFLECTING

© What do you think is the most interesting part of an astronaut’s life? Why?
What new information did you learn from this unit?
Do you find it easier to use English to express curiosity now?

Do you feel more confident about writing an argumentative essay in English now?
Why or why not?

©

Overall, | thought this unit was © inspiring © interesting Cso-so © difficult.

UNIT 4 SPACE EXPLORATION
*Project: Give a presentation on China’s space exploration

1 Search online or in the library for information about China’s achievements in
space exploration, especially the important technological breakthroughs and
space missions. Organise the information into a table like the one below.

China’s Space Missions

Launch Launch

Missions Time Vehicles

Astronauts Mission Goals

Shenzhou 1

Shenzhou 2

Shenzhou 3

Shenzhou 4

Shenzhou 5

Shenzhou 6

Shenzhou 7

Tiangong 1

Shenzhou 8

Shenzhou 9

Shenzhou 10

Tiangong 2

Shenzhou 11

x

Tianzhou 1

2 Get into groups. Each group will be assigned several missions. Prepare for the
presentation by finding out more details.

e Pictures e Interesting stories e Outcomes

se News reports e Videos

3 Prepare a slide presentation using the information you have found.

4 Show your slide presentation to the whole class.

UNIT 4 SPACE EXPLORATION 47

* Video Time mu

BEFORE YOU WATCH

How much do you know about Mars? Read the statements below and decide
whether they are true [T) or false (F).

1 Mars is the fourth planet from the Sun and the smallest planet in the |
solar system. T F
It is one of the few planets that we can see with the naked eye. |) €

3 Like Earth, Mars has volcanoes, valleys, polar ice caps, seasons, and
weather. el 'F

4 Olympus Mons, the largest volcano on Mars, is about twice as high as
Mount Qomolangma. T iF

WHILE YOU WATCH

1 Check your answers in Before You Watch.

2 Put the events in the correct order.

The probe separates from the launch vehicle.
The lander lands on the surface of Mars.

1_ The probe enters the Earth-Mars transfer orbit.
___ Controllers on Earth guide the probe into the orbit around Mars.
The lander discards the protective shield and the parachute.
The space-to-ground communications link is created.
The orbiter and the lander separate.

The rover transmits data back to Earth and receives orders from Earth.
The rover begins to explore the surface of Mars.

AFTER YOU WATCH

Work in pairs. One student acts as a space expert and the other acts asa
reporter. Use what you have learnt from the video to make up an interview.

48 UNIT 4 SPACE EXPLORATION
THE VALUE
OF MONEY

Money is a good servant

dnd a bad master. }
—Francis Bacon : |
In this unit, you will S _ Look and discuss

1 read excerpts from the script of The Million 1 What does Francis Bacon’s saying mean?
Pound Bank Note. Do you agree with him?

2 listen to a news report and watch a fi tm clip 2 What is the man holding in his hand?
about people's attitudes fevers money. _ 3 What do you think this film is about?

3 write a scene for a play. :
4 read more about how people feel about money :
and its impact. 3

Listening and Speaking

Discuss the good deed of returning lost money

1 Before you listen, discuss these questions in pairs.

1 What do people have to buy in order to lead a good life?
2 What can people not buy with money?
| 3 Is money the basis of a happy life? Why or why not?

() 2 Listen to the news report and match the people with the correct information.

1 Chen Liyan A the owner of the lost money

2 Wang Zheng B acleaner at Taiyuan railway station

3 Ma Dongbao C a police officer living in Chen’s apartment building
4 LiuXia D Chen's 16-year-old daughter

() 3 Listen again and put these events in the correct order.

Chen Liyan found Wang Zheng’s money and returned it to him.
______ Chen gave an interview to the local newspaper.

_______ Wang built a website to help raise funds for Liu Xia.

_____ Ma Dongbao shared Chen’s story with Wang.

______ Chen spent all her savings and took out a large loan.

Wang offered Chen 5,000 yuan.

@) 4 Listen again and decide if the following statements are true [T) or false (F).

It was the first time Chen Liyan’s story was reported. | Fl |
2 Chen found 10,000 yuan in a small plastic bag in Taiyuan railway station. 7 | =
3 Wang Zheng apologised to Chen because he couldn't offer her more 2) =
money.
| 4 Chen took out a large loan to cure her daughter. fa &
| 5 Wang set up a fundraising website for Chen’s daughter after Chen told a

him about her situation.

5 Discuss your answers to the questions with your

partner and explain your reasoning. feoke ele tee |
Sometimes things are not said :
+ y
1 What kind of person do you think Chen Liyan is? directly. However, you can make 4
logical guesses on the basis :
2 Did Chen return the money because she didn’t need it? of what the speakers say. To ，
. . draw a conclusion, you need to
3 ls it common for people to do what Chen did? understand the given information
4 How did Wang Zheng feel about the return of his money? pC Use ounce
knowledge. Also, while listening,
5 Why did Ma Dongbao tell Wang about Chen’s family? don't ignore the speakers’ tone
. ， ， and intonation—these can be
6 How did the news reporter feel about Chen's actions? important clues, too.

50 UNIT 5 THE VALUE OF MONEY
EXAMPLE

A: What kind of person do you think Chen Liyan is?
B: | think she must be an honest person because ...
A: | bet she’s really determined too. You can tell this by how ...

Work in groups of four. Discuss the following questions.

1 Do you agree with Chen Liyan? What would you do if you were in her situation?
2 When we help someone, should we expect to get something in return?

3 What do you think is the best way to get money?

4 Should we judge people based on how much money they have?

EXAMPLE

A: | think that Chen Liyan did the right thing by returning the money and refusing to take
a single cent from Wang Zheng.

B: Well, | think that Chen Liyan was correct in returning the money, but she should have
accepted the money Wang offered.

=

© 1 Listen to the short conversation and mark the intonation with /, \ or
>) +. Then discuss with a partner what they intend to convey by using
different intonation.

Owner: You know what? It’s a million-pound bank note.
Waiter 1: Really?

Waiter 2: Really!

Waiter 3: Really?!

(>) 2 Listen to the conversations. Underline the parts that are stressed and
mark the intonation. Then talk about the implied meanings of the
responses with different intonations. Listen again and repeat.

1 Henry: It’s a nice suit. 3 Henry: — Well, to be honest, | have none.
Owner: Oh, it’s perfect! Oliver: (happily) What luck! Brother, what
luck!
2 Henry: Well, that’s very kind of you. Henry: Well, it may seem lucky to you

but not to me! If this is your idea
of some kind of joke, | don’t think
it’s very funny. Now if you'll excuse
me, | ought to be on my way.

Owner: Kind, sir? No, it’s kind of you.
You must come whenever you
want and have whatever you
like. Just having you sit here is
a great honour! Roderick: Please don’t go ...

7

UNIT 5 THE VALUE OF MONEY

一 一 一
Reading and Thinking

Read about a bet between two wealthy men

1 What would you do if you had a million-pound bank note? Discuss the question
in pairs.

™@) 2 Read the scene and answer the questions.

THE MILLION POUND BANK NOTE

Narrator: Two rich brothers, Roderick and Oliver, Henry: I’m afraid | don’t quite follow you, sir.
ye Mee a bet, Oliver believes that Roderick: Tell us, what sort of work did you do in
with a million-pound bank note a man

merica?
could live a month in London. His
brother Roderick doubts it. Theyseea | Henry: | worked for a mining company. Could you
poor young man walking outside their | offer me work here?
house. It is Henry Adams. Roderick: Patience. If you don’t mind, may | ask you
Roderick: Young man, would you step inside a how much money you have?
2
moment, please? Henry: Well, to be honest, | have none.
: 2 ir?

pene: Wee ae: a Oliver: (happily) What luck! Brother, what luck!

Roderick: 25 yout Henry: Well, it may seem lucky to you but not

Servant: (opening a door) Good morning, sir. to me! If this is your idea of some kind
Would you please come in? of joke, | don’t think it's very funny. Now

(Henry enters the house.) if you'll excuse me, | ought to be on my

way.

Roderick: How do you do, Mr... er ...? = :

Roderick: Please don’t go. You mustn't think we

Henry: — Adams. Henry Adams. don’t care about you. Oliver, give him the

Oliver: ”Come and sit down, Mr Adams. letter.

Henry: — Thank you. Oliver: ”Yes, | was about to go get the letter. Wait!

? ; 5 (getting it from a desk and giving it to

Roderick: You're an American? Henry) The letter.

Henry: That's right, from San Francisco. Henry: (taking it carefully) For me?

Roderick: May ee . eee uy eat ae Roderick: For you. (Henry starts to open it.) Oh, no,
SOUS IE UE OME SES you'd better not open it. You can’t open it

Henry: Well, | can’t say that | have any plans. until two o'clock.

As a matter of fact, | landed in Britain by | 和
de Henry: Oh, this is silly.

Oliver: How is that possible? Roderick: Not silly. There's money in it.

Henry: Well, | had my own boat. About a month ony: Se ee ud ae
ago, | was sailing, and towards night } g
| found myself carried out to sea by a Roderick: We know you're hard-working. That’s why
strong wind. The next morning | was we've given you the letter. (to the servant)
spotted by a ship. Show Mr Adams out.

Oliver: And it was the ship that brought you to Henry: Well, why don’t you explain what this is all
England. about?

Henry: Yes. | went to the American consulate to | Roderick: You'l soon know. In exactly an hour and a
seek help, but ... Anyway, | didn’t dare half.
to try again. (The brothers smile at each | ; ;
other) | Servant: This way, sir.

Roderick: Well, you mustn’t worry about that. It’s Roderick: Not until 2 o'clock. Promise?
an advantage. Henry: Promise. Goodbye.

52 UNIT 5 THE VALUE OF MONEY
How did

1
2
3
4
5

3 Read these sentences and describe Henry's feelings using suitable adjectives.
1 Who? Me, sir?

What bet did Roderick and Oliver make?

Henry come to England?

How does Henry want the brothers to help him?
Why do you think Henry does not want the brothers’ charity?
Why do you think the brothers chose Henry for their bet?

2 Well, | can’t say that | have any plans. As a matter of fact, | landed in Britain by accident.
3 |’m afraid | don’t quite follow you, sir.
4

Well, it may seem lucky to you but not to me! If this is your idea of some kind of joke, |
don’t think it’s very funny.

5 Well, why don’t you explain what this is all about?

4 Explain what the speakers mean by saying

these sen

1 | went to the American consulate to seek help, but

tences.

... Anyway, | didn’t dare to try again.

2 You mustn’t worry about that. It’s an advantage.

3 What luck! Brother, what luck!
4 Oh, this is silly.

0

Understand implied meaning

Some sentences have an implied
meaning which is not clearly stated.
This implied meaning often indicates
people's feelings, attitudes, or motives.
You can find this implied meaning
by looking at the context. You have
to read between the lines because
the real messages are often hidden
beneath the literal meaning.

5 Complete the passage with words from Act 1, Scene 3.

The two ge

ntlemen had been having a heated

argument for a couple of days, and had decided

to make a

which would settle their

argument. They were going to find someone
to take part in their bet when they saw Henry

walking on

he street outside. They invited him

into their house, where Henry told them he had
landed in Britain by . Although he had
gone to the American consulate to
help, he had not received any. Henry hoped that
the brothers would offer him some

of work because he had no money. Henry got JUUUUUUULU
he brothers when they seemed too happy about his bad luck. They quickly

upset with

told him not to feel that way and they gave him an envelope with money in it. They said the
letter inside would explain what it was all about, but he had to postpone opening it until 2

o'clock. Henry felt that was odd. The

promising that he would not open the letter until 2 o’clock.

ended with Henry leaving their house and

() 6 Listen to Act 1, Scene 3 and role-play it with your partners.

UNIT 5 THE VALUE OF MONEY

54

Discovering Useful Structures

Express modality and talk about future events in the past

1 Modal verbs have many functions, including the following (A-F). Find modal
verbs in previous sections and discuss their functions.

A necessity B possibility © obligation D request E advice F intention
2 Read the passage and fill in the blanks with suitable modal verbs in the box.

may must can ought to might had better would should

In the film The Million Pound Bank Note, Henry Adams is stuck in a foreign country without
money and friends, and with nowhere to stay. While this situation seem unusual,
it can sometimes happen to travellers. In case it happens to you on a trip abroad, what
you do? First, and most importantly, you stay calm. Fear

cause you to become confused. You need to think clearly. Second, you should go to your
nearest consulate. They be able to help to some extent. Third, you do
well to check with some local charities. They offer help to travellers in need. Fourth,
you avoid getting into trouble. You think that stealing some money or
food would help you, but you should not do so. Getting caught ruin your life.

3 Both “would do” and “was/were going to do” can be used to talk about future
events or intentions in the past. Complete the following sentences that
describe the future using either form of the given verbs.

1 Philip bought two tickets for The Phantom of the Opera. He (watch) this musical
with his girlfriend on the weekend.

2 | was so surprised at the news that David (play) the role of the dinosaur in the play
that | gave him a hug out of joy.

Lily decided that she (settle) in New York and pursue her dream of becoming an actress.

3

4 Hey, Timmy. | (call) you. But now that you are here, | don’t have to.

5 The competition was so close that no one was sure who (win) the Best Actor award.
6

Jim is not here right now. He said he (be) on duty at the library this afternoon.

4 Work in pairs. Discuss the scene from The Million Pound Bank Note on page 52
and share your understanding of the story. Use modal verbs when necessary.
The example below may help you.

EXAMPLE

A: | think it’s kind of Roderick and Oliver to give Henry the money.

B: I'm afraid | disagree. They shouldn't be making a bet on him.

A: But Henry might get into trouble if they didn’t offer him the money.
B: Well, if they really wanted to help Henry, they could offer him a job.
A: Maybe you're right. But | guess that would be a different story ...

UNIT 5 THE VALUE OF MONEY
Viewing and Talking

Describe people's changing attitudes in a film clip

1 You are going to watch part of the film The Million Pound Bank Note. Look at
these photos and guess what happens in the film.

#2 Watch the film clip and check if you are correct. Then discuss the questions.

Why does the owner of the restaurant want Henry to sit somewhere else?
What does Henry order? Why is the waiter surprised?

Why does the owner think Henry hesitates to pay the bill?

Why does the owner think the bank note is probably real?

What happens in the end?

ahond 一

3 Work in groups. Retell the story in the film clip you have just watched. The
pictures in Activity 1 may help you.

Retelling a story

see leaving t Sequencing words Connecting words ~
nome, Henry wen
restaurant. He S After leaving the brothers’ home ... ... because ...
sit down at OP After that ... oS 6d
Then ... abut 2 =
Later (on) ... However ...
In the end/Eventually ... To one’s surprise ...

#4 4 Watch the film clip again and make up your own script to match it. Then
watch the film without sound and act out your script for the class.

UNIT 5 THE VALUE OF MONEY = 55

Reading for Writing

Write a dramatic scene

@) 1

Narrator:

Henry:

1st Clerk:

2nd Clerk:

Henry:

3rd Clerk:

1st Clerk:

3rd Clerk:

Henry:

3rd Clerk:

Henry:

3rd Clerk:

Henry:

3rd Clerk:

Henry:

3rd Clerk:

56

Read the scene and answer the questions.

THE MILLION POUND BANK NOTE

ACT 2, SCENE 1

Henry is walking along the street holding
the bank note in his hand. His coat is
worn in several places. He sees a sign
or a tailor’s shop.

entering the shop) I'd like to have a suit
coat.

in a rude manner) See him there.
(pointing to another clerk)

Ready-made suits? Downstairs.

(after going down some stairs) Can you
show me a suit, please?

Yes, | can, sir. This way, please. Ah, here
we are, the very thing you need.

(oulling the 3rd clerk aside and
whispering) Mr Reid says you’d better
serve him quick and get him out quick!

know what I’m doing. I’ve got eyes,
haven't I?

ts a little too bright, isn’t it?
(looking at him with a frown) It’s all we |
have in your size. |

Well, | suppose it ought to do for now. I'll

ake it.

Good. Shall | put it in a box?

No. I'll wear it. Oh, Pd rather not pay you
now. I'd like to pay in a month. You see,
| don’t have any small change.

(trying not to show he’s angry) | suppose
a gentleman like you only carries very
large bills.

Now, you shouldn't judge people by their
clothes. | just don’t want to cause you
trouble with a large note.

It's no trouble at all.

UNIT 5 THE VALUE OF MONEY

Henry: In that case, there’s no problem. (He gives
the clerk the bank note. The clerk drops
Henry's coat. Then he folds the bill and
slowly unfolds it again, as if looking at
something he can’t believe is there.)

Owner: _ Well, what seems to be the trouble?

Henry: I'm just waiting for my change.

| Owner: — Give himhis change, Todd. Get going ...

| options for Henry to choose from)

| Henry: This is nice, but | really don’t need it.
| Owner: Never mind. (with a broad smile) Oh, it’s
perfect! It was made for some king but he'll
just have to wait. You’ll need many suits for
many occasions. Yes, indeed you will.
Henry: Wait a minute. | only came here to get a suit
coat to wear today. | dare not buy all these
things. You would have to wait a long time to
get paid.
Owner: Along time, sir? Why, you don’t have to
worry about that!
3rd Clerk: Yes, we can wait forever!
Henry: Well, all right. I'll take the suit coat for now
and get the others later.
Owner: Fine, fine. Your address, sir?
| Henry: | don’t have one. Er ... I’m moving.
Owner: Of course you are! That’s very normal! A

(after getting the bank note from Toda)
Would it ... could it be the one | saw in the
papers last week? | remember thinking that
never would | hold such a note as this ... (to
Henry) Oh, take off this coat, sir. (to Todd) Go
get the others, Todd! (to Henry again) Allow
me, sir! This way, sir.

(in another part of the shop, where there is a wide range of

busy man, I’m sure.
Where does Henry go? What does he want?

What do the clerks show Henry at first? Why?

What makes the people in the store change their attitudes towards Henry?
Why would the owner be willing to wait for a long time to get paid?

Is it right to judge people by their clothes? Why or why not?

a hon 一

2 Study the language features.

1 Underline the sentences that show how people’s attitudes change towards Henry.

2 Read the scene again and find an example for each of the following elements. Then
discuss with your partner how to write each element.

__ character names lines of dialogue

narration

| :
i a Stage directions title of play

3 Use what you have learnt to write a new scene for the play where Henry will
try to use the bank note.

1 Work in groups. Brainstorm a place that Henry will go to, and what difficulties he might face.
2 = In your group:
A Make alist of the characters.
Make an outline of the events in the scene.
Decide how the characters’ feelings change during the scene.
Think of an exciting ending.
Write the dialogue.
Write the stage directions which tell the actors what to do or how to say something.

m 口中

3 In your group, use this checklist to help you revise the draft.

w Are all the elements of a play included and in good order?
w Do the characters use suitable language?

v Are the stage directions clear and useful?

~ Is the plot clear and exciting enough?

v Are there any grammar, spelling, or punctuation errors?

4 Perform your scene before the class.

UNIT 5 THE VALUE OF MONEY = 57

58

Assessing Your Progress

1 Complete the script below using the words in the box.

bet case downstairs duty occasions oughtto settle tailor

THE MILLION POUND BANK NOTE

N = Narrator A=Ambassador P=Portia H=Henry

N: After that, it seemed like everyone in London | H: Yes, I'd love to ... with your permission.

was talking about Henry. The American Thank you, Miss.
ambassador to Britain invited Henry to P:
an upper-class party. Henry felt it was his :
to go. He wanted to maintain a
good relationship with the ambassador in
others found out just how poor he

That poor, dear ambassador. He hates these

almost as much as | do. Nothing
but talk, talk, talk. And no one says anything
anyone wants to hear, do they?

really was. H: No, | they don’t.
Ah, there you are. : | P: The ambassador tells me you are a rich man.
He tells me you are the talk of London. Why,

BO eee it seems that every banker and in

Mr Adams, my special guest, Miss Portia the city is eager to meet you.

Lee H: Yes, I’ve heard. | can’t understand why, really.
H: How do you do? | I’m not so special as that.

If you'll excuse me, | must go to | P: Are you planning to in London?

see the other guests. (He leaves.)

H: Well, | hadn’t really thought about it much.
P: You think about it.

P: Won't you sit down, please?

Complete the passages with suitable modal verbs or the correct forms of the
verbs in brackets. Add not if necessary.

The saying “Don’t judge a book by its cover” means that we judge the value of something
just based on its external appearance. This is a useful principle to remember when we meet new
people. We treat everyone we meet for the first time nicely, no matter how they look.
Most of us like to be judged on our appearance, because it be unfair to us. So
we remind ourselves to give new people we meet a fair chance. Anybody be
someone who is worth getting to know. In fact, this person end up becoming your good
friend if you take a chance and get to know him or her!

Three rich men talked about their ideas for next year. One said he (make) even more
money and keep it in the bank. Another said he (give) half of all his money to the
government to help poor people. The third man said he also (make) more money, but he

(use) half of this new money to build a new hospital for his hometown. Which of these
ideas do you think is the best and why?

© What did you learn about plays and scripts that you did not know before?

@ What did you learn about the value of money and wealth in society?

© What part of this unit was the most difficult? What part was the most interesting?
© Overall, | thought this unit was © interesting © meaningful © so-so ©) difficult.

UNIT 5 THE VALUE OF MONEY
*Project: Give a performance of a scene from the play

You are going to perform one of the scenes from The Million Pound Bank Note, or
one that you wrote yourself.

Step1 Choose a scene to perform.

Step2 Choose the producer and the director. — |

s The producer is the organiser of a play. hes or she h hires poope. and mokes”
sure that everyone has what they need for their jobs.

® The director guides the actors. _

Step 3 [The producer] Decide on:

e the main actors, including the narrator

the extras (actors without speaking parts)

es the set decorator (the person who makes the set)

e the prop person (the person who provides or makes the props)
e the costume manager

Step4 Havea rehearsal.

e The actors should practise and remember their lines. They should pay
attention to their facial expressions, gestures, intonation, and actions.
The director should help the actors. :

s The producer should help the set decorator, the prop person, and the
costume manager to get everything they need.
Step5 Have a dress rehearsal.

The actors perform together dressed in their costumes. The set, props,
music, etc. should be ready at the same time. :

Step 6 _ Perform your scene for the class.

Step7 After all the scenes have been performed, the class should then
ive awards for the best scene, best producer, bes director,
best actor, best costumes, etc.

UNIT 5 THE VALUE OF MONEY = 59

60

BEFORE YOU WATCH

1 Look at the characters listed in the box and predict who will appear in the
film clip.

bellboy manager tailor police officer maid
waiter/waitress doorman driver secretary chef

2 What do you think this scene is about? Choose the best answer.

A Henry Adams lost his bank note at the hotel.
B Henry Adams fell in love with Portia at the hotel.
C Henry Adams received a warm reception at the hotel.

WHILE YOU WATCH

1 Check your answers in Before You Watch.

2 Put the events in the correct order.
____ The real Henry Adams appears.
____ Henry makes friends with the man.
___ The doorman thinks the man is Henry, and so he invites him inside.
___ Aman appears wearing a hat.
____ The hotel manager realises he has made a mistake.

3 Answer the questions.

Why do the people at the hotel mistake the man for Henry Adams?

The man seems odd to the hotel workers. Why are they so nice to him?

How do the hotel workers treat the man when they discover that he is not Henry? Why?
What does the man do for a job?

Why does Henry want to make friends with the man?

akon —

AFTER YOU WATCH

Discuss the following questions with your classmates.
1 Why do people treat Henry and the man differently at the hotel?
2 Do you think “money makes the world go around”? Why or why not?

UNIT 5 THE VALUE OF MONEY
WORKBOOK

UNIT 1 - FESTIVALS AND CELEBRATIONS

Using Words and Expressions ///

1 Match each word with its definition. 2 Look up the following words in
Then complete the sentences the dictionary. Then complete the
below with the correct forms of the sentences with the correct words.
suitable words.

: joy/joyful agriculture/agricultural
riddle inner belief gather faith/faithful origin/original
respect crop origin grateful frank/frankly merry/merrily

typical/typically  absolute/absolutely

A afeeling of admiration for

somebody or something 1 The Western festival Halloween has its
because of their good qualities in old beliefs about the return
B the feeling of being certain that of the spirits of dead people.
something exists or is true 2 Withasmile of on his face,
C  aplant that is grown by Timmy went up to the stage to get his prize.
and im sedan ipod! 3 According to the report, only 10%-15% of
D _ inside; private and secret the land in China is good for
E aquestion that is very i. . h
confasingandthathasa 4 Afterseeingsignsof improvement, she —
.. began to have in the doctor's
surprising answer ( SS
skills.
F  tocome together; to bring ; ，
people or things together 5 Wehave ——_confidence in Sarah's
. : abilities, and we believe she will solve the
G showing or expressing thanks bh
because somebody has done Bee
something kind for you 6 Weenjoy the fresh air and the sunshine
H the point from which in the countryside. We have picnics, read
something starts books under big trees, and listen to the birds
singing in the branches.
1 Ifyou can solve the on the 7 Why don't we sit down and have a
lanterns, you will get a prize. discussion about your future
2 Thanksgiving and the Mid-Autumn plan?
Festival are harvest festivals when people 8 Some themes of Chinese New

and celebrate what they are
for.

3 There are various opinions about the

Year paintings are folk tales and gods.

of the Dragon Boat Festival, 3 Translate the sentences into English,
but the most popular one is related to the using the words and expressions in
poet Qu Yuan. brackets.

4 Festivals of the dead, such as Obon,
the Day of the Dead, or the Qingming
Festival, allow people to pay
to their ancestors.

1

HLESHAT LAD, AN AHE
终 边 唱 边 跳 ， 沉 浸 在 欢乐 的 气氛 中 。
(wedding, joyful, atmosphere)

61
-一 WORKBOOK 一 一 一 一 一 一 一
每 年 ， 人 们 都 会 举办 各 种 各 样 的 活动 庆 D Itsa friend’s birthday.
祝 国庆 节 ， 从 升旗 仪式 到 烟花 表演 。 E Ababy was just born.
(range from ... to ..., flag-raising ceremony, F Acouple is going to get married.

fireworks)

当夜 幕 降临 ， 许 多 孩子 装扮 成 吓人 的 样
子 ， 然 后 去 邻居 家 里 素 要 糖果 。(dress
up)

表演 者 从 我 们 的 视野 里 消失 了 ， 音 乐 和
嘲 杂 声 也 逐渐 消散 了 。(fade away)

每 逢 一 个 节日 即将 来 临 ， 你 就 能 看 到 各
种 商业 机 构 利用 社交 平台 销售 它们 的 产
Hh, (take advantage of, social media)
尽管 雪 下 得 很 大 ， 他 还 是 赶 在 新 年 前 儿
回 到 了 家 。(in spite of, New Year's Eve)

Match the greeting cards to the occasions.

GRATEFUL ““"
THAT I HAVE
U

Using Structures

1

Complete the sentences with the
correct forms of the verbs.

1

I don’t know exactly on which day Easter
falls. The date changes. | feel totally
(confuse) .

Do you know how to cook a turkey?

The instructions in the recipe are really
(confuse) and I really need your

help.

The sounds of the fireworks were terribly
(annoy). I was woken up by the
noise quite a few times.

The girl was (annoy) with her
boyfriend, who was late for her birthday
party.

It was a rather (bore) party.
Nothing was interesting and nobody talked
to me.

Im (bore) with cooking, cleaning,
shopping, and all that stuff I just want to
have a relaxing holiday.

Translate the sentences into English,

using the -ing form or the past participle
of the verbs in brackets.

赛 龙舟 是 端午 节 最 令 人 兴奋 的 部 分 。

(excite)

2 和 孩子 们 兴致 勃勃 地 去 参加 寻找 复活 节 彩
蛋 的 活动 。(excite)
3 多 么 令 人 惊奇 的 表演 啊 ! 这 是 我 经 历 过

It’s your special
day.

Mayitbehappy | f
in every Way-

62

Yo i
tye ALL wir a
it ay SS. 4)

ad 5

的 最 棒 的 音乐 节 。(amaze)

4 我 们 都 对 她 那 顶 滑稽 的 帽子 感到 惊讶 。
(amaze)
Your parents have been married for 25 years. 5 他 在 大 会 上 振奋 人 心 的 演讲 赢得 了 听众
A friend wants to say “thank you” on ‘N4%. (inspire)
Thanksgiving Day. 6 这 个 具有 挑战 性 的 游戏 考验 你 的 记忆 力
New Year's Day is coming. 和 观察 能 力 。(challenge)
3 Rewrite the sentences by changing

the relative clauses into the -ing form
or past participle phrases.

1 The little girl who is wearing a Snow White
costume is my daughter.

2 The full moon that is reflected on the
surface of the lake reminds people of their
families far away.

3 The Rio Carnival is a festival that is held
before Lent ( £3341 ) every year and it is
considered the biggest carnival in the world.

4 Halloween is a festival that is celebrated on
the night of 31st October.

5 On the night ofthe Lantern Festival,
the parkis filled with people who are
appreciating the beautiful lanterns.

6 [ran through the crowd of people who were
hurrying to get on the train.

Complete the conversations with the
correct forms of the words in the box.

interest amaze wear
stand bore dress
surprise satisfy

1 Emily: That was an

Christmas movie, wasn't it?

George: I’m afraid I don't know her, but she
looks .

5 Complete the sentences using the

-ing form or the past participle.

1 Theboy under the Christmas
tree seemed satisfied with his presents.

2 The flowers, the lights, the music, and the
food in the house created a
atmosphere for all the guests.

3 The woman in front of
the float is one of the most famous samba
dancers in Brazil.

4 Most of the guests to the

party left with light hearts.

5 During the carnival, there was a street parade
of floats in flowers.

Use what you have learnt from the unit
to describe a scene at a celebration

party.

UNIT 1 FESTIVALS AND CELEBRATIONS

John: “Oh Im youthink
so. To be honest, I was rather
disappointed (失望 的 ) with it.

Emily: Didn't you think the hero of the
story was attractive?

John: “He was handsome indeed, but I
wasn't with the plot.
felt most of the time.

2 Linda: George, do you know the girl
next to Bob?

George: Which girl? You mean the girl

a golden mask?

Linda: No,no,no, I'm talking about the

girl up as a princess.

63
一 一 WORKBOOK — = ahem

Reading and Writing

"@) 1 Read the text below and then match the main ideas with the paragraphs.

THE CHINESE SPRING FESTIVAL

The Chinese Spring Festival is regarded as the most significant festival of the year among
the Chinese. It lasts for 15 days but Chinese people also consider the days of preparation
beforehand as an important part of the Spring Festival.

There are a number of things people usually
do before the Chinese Spring Festival. One
of these is cleaning the house for the Lunar
New Year. Dust makes people think of old or
outdated things. Therefore, sweeping dust out
of the house is a way of saying goodbye to
old things and welcoming new things. Another
important custom for families is to decorate
their doors with red couplets. The phrases on
the couplets express hopes for a prosperous
new year. In the southern part of China, people will buy fresh flowers or orange trees to decorate
their homes. The most important custom of the Chinese Spring Festival is the big family dinner
on the eve of the Lunar New Year. This is usually a big reunion of grandparents, parents, and
children. It reflects how important family is to Chinese people around the world. That is why.
millions of Chinese people travel long distances to get home before the eve of the Lunar New
Year. Also, families typically eat certain types of lucky food at the family reunion dinner. Eating
fish, for example, is supposed to bring more wealth and prosperity than one needs, as the
pronunciation of “fish” in Chinese (yu) is also used for “surplus”.

When the New Year comes, there are many interesting festival
activities. Adults give children “lucky money” in red envelopes.
People greet family and friends with “Xinnian Hao” or “Gongxi
Facai” whenever they may meet. Another part of this custom
of sharing good wishes is to pay visits to relatives and bring
them gifts. Commonly exchanged gifts include food such as
fruit, sticky rice cakes, and homemade desserts. In addition,
friends and family go out to enjoy loud and colourful fireworks,
spend time at temple fairs, and watch exciting dragon and lion
dances.

The Chinese Spring Festival symbolises a farewell to the old year and a warm welcome to the
brand new year. More importantly, it is a special occasion to return home and gratefully reunite
with family members. This deeply rooted tradition has been an integral part of Chinese culture
for a very long time, and will continue to live forever in the hearts of the Chinese people.

64
- UNIT1 FESTIVALS AND CELEBRATIONS ”一 一

Paragraph 1
Paragraph 2
Paragraph 3
Paragraph 4

What are the aims of the festival?

How long does the festival last?

What are the customs of the festival?

What activities do people do to celebrate the New Year?

000 >

2 Read the text again and complete the table.

Festival customs Reasons for the customs

3 In groups, think of a better title for the text. Then write it down.

4 In groups, choose a local festival or celebration that you think is interesting
and make notes about it.

The name of the festival

The origin of the festival

The exact date(s) and location of the festival
The activities people usually do

The food people usually eat

5 Write an article about the festival or celebration based on your notes above.

65

~~ WORKBOOK — ~

* Expanding Your World
WINTER CARNIVAL IN QUEBEC

A group of very cold tourists are sitting in a café in old Quebec,
drinking hot coffee to try to warm up. The windows are covered with
steam from the heat inside. Outside, the temperature is -32°C. Snow
covers the streets and is piled up along the sidewalks. The music and
the lights of the Quebec Winter Carnival continue, but after a whole
day of watching parades, riding in horse carriages, and listening to
music, the tourists’ feet are freezing and their noses are red.

Bonhomme

Every year, hundreds of thousands of people come to Quebec to take
part in the week-long winter festival. Everyone who comes must be prepared to keep moving, as
it is too cold to stand and watch for long.

Early in the morning, you can watch the snowboarding competition on the hill overlooking the
river. Competitors speed down the track and through the air as though they could fly.

The more brave of heart may try the canoe races. Five or six men paddle each canoe across
the partly-frozen St Lawrence River. The river is full of big chunks of ice, and if you were to fall in,
you would freeze to death in under two minutes.

One of the favourite events is the dog-sled race, in which teams of about six husky dogs pull
long sleds at great speeds along a snowy track. One person drives the sled, shouting to the
dogs to encourage them. The sound of the dogs barking, the calls of the drivers, and the shouts
of the crowd create an exciting northern experience. The dogs are strong and beautiful animals
with thick fur, and many have blue eyes.

While admiring the ice sculptures everywhere in the city, much like those in Harbin in China, you
can stop off with other tourists in an igloo for hot tea or coffee. It is amazing how warm these ice
houses can be!

Later in the evening, you can join the crowd at the Ice Palace, where Bonhomme the snowman
is king. You can dance outside to the music of a band, whose members are all dressed in heavy

clothes—even some of their instruments are dressed up for winter.

Finally, you will probably want to sit down in a café to warm up and plan for the next day. You
might want to join the snowmobile races—or maybe you should just sleep in!

i Glues

66

UNIT2 _

Using Words and Expressions

1 Write down the new words from the
unit based on the definitions.

1 the relationship between two
people who are married
a period of ten years

3 a school for children aged two
to five

4 an amount of money that you
have not spent

5 amoral rule or a strong belief

that influences your actions

6 having a lot of energy or
determination

twelve oclock at night

8 the upper part of your legs
when you are sitting down

9 to say something very quietly,
using your breath rather than
your voice

10 the most northern or most
southern point on a planet

2 Match the words on the left to the
words on the right to make phrases.
Then write sentences using five of
the phrases.

A B
tuition case
health physician
precious tree
heart pot
island fees
maple insurance
resident operation
court income
coffee chain
flexible stone

MORALS AND VIRTUES ”一 一

3 Compare each pair of words

with the help of a dictionary.
Then choose the correct word to
complete each sentence.

majority/most

1 The survey says that the of
citizens are satisfied with the government's
efforts to reduce smog.

2 Whenhe came out of his office, it was
already midnight and of the

restaurants were closed.

illustrate/describe

3 This picture how water can be
reused and recycled.
4 Canyou what your hometown

was like when you were young?
reject/refuse

5 You might not believe this, but even some
famous authors’ books were
many times before being accepted and

published.
6 He offered her more coffee, but she
politely.
harm/damage

7 Thereisno in letting the child
read more books.

8 The worst ever Ebola ( 埃 博 拉 病 毒 )
outbreak caused huge to West
African economies.

tend/intend

9 Doyou think many parents
to pressure their children to get stable jobs
instead of letting them pursue their own
interests?

10 I didn’t

___ to scare her away. I
was just playing a joke.

67
—— WORKBOOK 一 一 一

68

per/every

11 Kenya announced that it would export
much more crude oil ( 原油 )
day the next year.

12 A balanced diet and regular exercise can
help you stay energetic day.

Fill in the blanks with the words in the
box. Then translate the sentences into
Chinese.

elsewhere majority might chains

principle precious complain reject

1 Ofall possessions a friend is the most
. —Herodotus

2 The strongest of growth lies in
human choice. —George Elliot

3 Whenever you find yourself on the side of
the , it is time to pause and
reflect. —Mark Twain

4 The highest form of ignorance is when you
something you don’t know
anything about. —Wayne Dyer
5 Anyone who does not know howto
make the most ofhis luck has no right to
ifit passes by him. —Miguel
de Cervantes
6 Manwas born free, and everywhere he is in
. —Jean-Jacques Rousseau

7 Whatever you do, do with all your
. —Marcus Tullius Cicero

8 When we are unable to find tranquility
(宁静 ) within ourselves, it is useless to
seek it
Rochefoucauld

. —Francois de La

Translate the sentences into English,
using the words and phrases in
brackets.

1 赢得 奖学金 之 后 ， 他 感到 缴 学 费 的 压力
减轻 了 许多 。(win ascholarship,fee)

2 他 拥有 敏锐 的 视觉 ， 能 很 快 辨认 出 两 个
双胞胎 的 不 同 。(sharp eyes)

3 搬入 新 家 之 前 ， 母 亲 让 人 把 房子 重新 装
修了 一 番 ， 把 地 板 都 换 了 。(redecorate,
replace)

4 为 了 节省 时 间 和 避免 更 多 的 麻烦 ， 他
们 为 这 一 案件 聘请 了 一 位 律师 。(hirea
lawyer)

5 在 山 间 远 足 时 ， 他 的 腿 被 一 条 蛇 咬 了 一
口 。(bite)

Using Structures

1 Complete the conversations using

the correct forms of the words in
brackets.

1 A: You look really (tire). You
should go home and have a rest.
B: Yes, well, a five-hour operation is pretty
(tire).
2 A: Didyouhear that Susan and Bob got
married?
B: Really? That's the most
(shock) news I have heard today.
3 A: Harry, you forgot to return my phone call
last night!
B: Oh, I'm very sorry. I went to sleep
(listen) to music.

4 A: Howcan you sit inside (play)
games all day? Isn't there anything more
important you can do with your time?

B: Come on, Mum. It’s a holiday.

5 A: Themuseum was (interest),
wasn't it?

B: It was great. I was quite
(interest) in those ancient pieces of jade.

6 A: Areyou sure this is the man you saw that

night?
B: That's right. From my window, I saw him
(come) into the building.
A: Did you hear a gunshot after that?
B: No, but [heard people
(shout) downstairs.
A: What did you see when you came down?
B: J sawan injured man (lie) on
the floor.
2 Rewrite the following sentences using

the -ing form or the past participle as
the adverbial.

EXAMPLE

e Because I did not know anyone, I sat alone
in my seat for two hours. >

Not knowing anyone, Isat alone in my seat
for two hours.

e Although Joe was upset by the reporter's
words, he resend to his questions

politely. >

Although upset by the reporters words, Joe
responded to his questions politely.

1 As she was frightened by the noise, Amy
turned on all the lights in the house.

2 While they were driving along the freeway,
they noticed a kangaroo standing in the
middle of the road.

3 After we watched the movie for ten minutes,
we felt so bored that we decided to leave.

4 AsIcame out of my house, I saw the volcano

erupting (爆发 ),

5 After she turned fifteen, she became interested
in travelling.

6 Because she didn’t want to be late, Sally ran
to the subway station.

7 Tim was feeling tired, so he went to bed as
soon as he got home.

8 Afterhe ar all his courage, he ran back

into the burning house to rescue the child.

Complete the passage using the
-ing form or the past participle of
the verbs in the box.

hold get walk hear
sing excite dance admire
After that I was going to be my

aunt’s bridesmaid, I felt so that
I didn’t sleep very well the night before her
wedding day. Although I was tired, I didn't
mind up early the next morning
to go to my aunt's house to get dressed up. I
put on my blue dress and my aunt, of course,
wore a white silk dress. When my aunt finally
appeared at the back of the church,

a bunch of flowers, everybody looked at her
with smiles. After the wedding, I
left the church slowly behind my
aunt and her husband. In the evening, we had
a celebration party. Everybody was very happy,

and until midnight.

Watch five minutes of a cartoon,

a sports event, a documentary,

or a film and take notes on what
happened. Then write a paragraph
describing the actions of the
characters. Use the -/ng form in your
description.

UNIT 2 MORALS AND VIRTUES

69
WORKBOOK —

Reading and Writing

™) 1 Read the story and answer this question: Why will the writer never forget the
taxi ride?

am
THE TAXI RIDE I’LL NEVER FORGET

/ @ (adapted from the story of the same name by Kent Nerburn)

Twenty years ago, | drove a taxi. One time, | was called at midnight to pick
someone up. When | arrived, the building was completely dark except for one light
in a window.

| walked to the door and knocked. After a long wait, the door opened. A small
woman in her 80s stood before me. By her side was a small suitcase.

“Would you carry my bag out to the car?” she said. | took her suitcase and gave her
my arm. We walked slowly to the street. She kept thanking me for my kindness.

“It’s nothing,” | told her. “I try to treat my passengers how | want my mother
treated.”

“You’re such a good boy,” she said. When we got in the taxi, she gave me an
address. Then she asked, “Could you drive through the downtown?”

“It’s not the shortest way,” | answered.
“| don’t mind,” she said. “I’m in no hurry. I’m on my way to a hospice (临终 安 养 院 ).”
| saw her eyes shining with tears.

“| don’t have any family left,” she continued. “The doctor says | don’t have very
long.”

| quietly turned off the meter. “What road do you want me to take?” | asked.

For hours, we drove through the city. She showed me the building where she had
once worked. We drove through the neighbourhood where she and her husband
had lived. Sometimes she asked me to just slow down while she sat staring into the
darkness, saying nothing.

As the sun was coming up, she suddenly said, “I’m tired. Let’s go now.”

We drove in silence to the hospice. As we pulled up, two nurses were waiting for us.
They helped her into a wheelchair.

“How much do | owe you?” she asked me, reaching for her purse.

“Nothing,” | said. Without thinking, | leaned down and gave her a hug. She hugged
me tightly.

70
a 一 UNIT2 MORALS AND VIRTUES

“You gave an old woman a little moment of joy,”
she said. “Thank you.”

| squeezed her hand and then walked back to my
taxi. For the rest of that day, | could hardly talk.

| believe | have never done anything more
important in my life. We usually think that our
lives are defined by great moments. But | now
realise that great moments catch us by surprise,
because they often seem quite small.

2 Analyse the story by filling in the table below.
Where does this story happen? mostly in a taxi

Who are the main characters in the story?

What are the main events in the story?

What is the main point of the story?

3 Discuss the following questions with a partner.
1 What is the author's purpose in writing this story? Do you think he succeeded?
2 What did you like about this story? What did you not like? Why?
3 Would you recommend this story to others? Why or why not?

4 Write your own inspiring story about an act of kindness that you have seen or
experienced.

Story planner

Use an interesting sentence to

Beginning catch the attention of your readers.
Describe how the events
developed.

Body

Use specific words to describe the
characters’ feelings and the scene.

Finish your story with one or two
Ending clear, strong sentences that tell
readers the main point of the story.

71

~——— WORKBOOK

72

* Expanding Your World

resent

THE FIVE VIRTUES

Benevolence

Look at others with love, compassion, and
kindness, so as to stay in harmony with all people.

亲 亲 而 仁 民 ， 仁 民 而 爱 物 。 一 一 孟子 Confucius —
Mencius: Men of virtue love and care for their loved ones, they are
therefore kind to other people. When they are kind to people, they
treasure everything on earth.

pound al

Righteousness

Always act according to what you know is right, so as to preserve your
own integrity.
FA: 君子 喻 于 义 ， 小 人 喻 于 利 。

The Master said, “A gentleman takes as much trouble to discover
what is right as lesser men take to discover what will pay.”

Propriety
Always behave respectfully towards others.
子 日 : 非礼 勿 视 ， 非 礼 匆 听 ， 非 礼 勿 言 ， 非 礼 勿 动 。

The Master said, “To look at nothing in defiance of ritual, to listen to
nothing in defiance of ritual, to speak of nothing in defiance of ritual,
and never to stir hand or foot in defiance of ritual.”

Wisdom

Learn as much as possible so that you can judge what is right
from what is wrong, and what is good from what is evil.

TA: 我 非 生 而 知之 者 ， 好 十， 敏 以 求 之 者 也 。

The Master said, “I for my part am not one of those who have innate knowledge.
1am simply one who loves the past and who is diligent in investigating it.”

Fidelity

Be true to yourself: be sure that what you do is true to what you
say, and what you say is true to what you think.

子 日 : 人 而 无 信 ， 不 知 其 可 也 。

The Master said, “I do not see what use a man can be put to,
whose word cannot be trusted.”

UNIT 3

DIVERSE CULTURES

Using words and expressions

1 Complete the crossword with the
words that match the definitions.

Across:

1 the process of building things like houses,
bridges, or roads

2 the typical weather conditions in a certain
area

3 after an event that has been mentioned

4 very different from each other

Down:

1 asmall amount of food that is eaten between
main meals

2 ahard white material used for making cups,
plates, etc.

3 to be right or good for somebody or
something

4 alarge area of land

5 asimple drawing that shows where
something is, how something works, etc.

6 to bend something, especially paper or cloth,
so that one part lies on top of another part

2 Choose one word from each box
and then use the correct forms of
the words to make noun phrases.
Explain their meanings.

construction
hike history
rescue travel

culture
fortune
love

climate
dead
jazz

band
event
poetry

diverse
mission
site tell

boot change
journal
poison

3 Rewrite the following sentences using
the words and phrases in brackets.

1 Globalisation has had a huge impact on
people all around the world, including both
significant benefits and great challenges.
(bring about)

2 The couple did all sorts of jobs to survive,
even though there were many difficulties in
the new environment. (earn a living, in spite

of)

73

—— WORKBOOK 一 一 一

74

3 Alargenumberofpeoplearemoving
towards Times Square forthe countdown to

midnight (headto)

4 Haveyouheard ofthenew24-hour
bookshop? I'm going to visit it tonight.
(check out)

5 The boy hardly watches TV programmes,
except for nature documentaries. (apart

from)

6 After Shenzhen became a special economic
zone in 1980, people from all over China
went to the city to get rich. (seek one's
fortune)

Complete the passage using the
correct forms of the words and
phrase in the box.

claim contain diverse

earn occur _ percentage

seek one’sfortune _ settle
Capital cities usually a wide variety

of people. This due to people

moving to the city to . Although

many it is tough to

a good living in the city, most choose to
there. The latest report shows that

the of people moving to the city

is on the rise. This in turn increases the cultural
of the city, which makes the city

even more attractive to outsiders.

Using Structures

1

Read these sentences. In pairs,
decide which words can be left out.

1A:
B:
2A:
B:
3 A:

How can we make Italian vegetable soup?
I don't know how we can make it.

When did you get to Florence?
I got to Florence yesterday.

Are you a student of English literature?

: No, though I wish I were a student of

English literature.

: Didhe go to Egypt?

: He said he would go, but he didn’t go.

: Would you like to try on this pair ofjeans?
: Yes, ! would like to try on that pair of jeans.

Match the questions to the most likely
answers. Notice how ellipsis is used in
the answers.

Questions

1

Do you think it’s going to rain this
afternoon?

We were quite surprised after we saw
the paintings in the gallery.

Will you join our trip to South
Africa?

Will the flight to Rome take off on
time?

Would you mind using a diagram
to explain these percentages to me?

Has Lily ever been to the Louvre
Museum?

Answers

A
B
Cc
D
E
F

Why so?

Not at all.

Ihope not.

Tm afraid not.

Maybe not.

Id love to. / I'd be glad to.
7 : 一 ——— UNIT3 DIVERSE CULTURES

3 Ellipsis is often used in public signs,
headlines, diaries, notes, or informal

letters. Rewrite these sentences
using ellipsis.

1 Taking photos is not allowed here.

2 You should not walk on the grass.

3 There will be roadworks ahead.

4 There may be children crossing the road
ahead.

5 The sooner it happens, the better it will be.

6 Amillionaire was poisoned in his home in
Beverly Hills.

7 The plane crash in Colorado last week
claimed 15 lives.

8 There is an exhibition of fine china at the

museum.

Read George's first diary entry and

underline the parts where ellipsis
is used. Then revise his second
diary entry using ellipses when
possible.

Monday, 12th June

Arrived early this morning, by bus. Went
straight to hotel to drop off my luggage,
shower, and shave. Went exploring

afterwards =

Took a ride on a cable car first. Got
a spectacular view of San Francisco
Bay and the city. Learnt that Andrew
Hallidie invented the cable car system in
1874 in order to find a form of transport

better than horse-drawn trams. He’d

been shocked after seeing a series of
events in which a tram’s brakes failed,
the conductor couldn’t control the
situation, and the tram slipped down the
hill dragging the horses with it. Horrible

accident indeed!

Had a late lunch at Fisherman's Wharf, the
district where Italian fishermen first came
to San Francisco and set up the fishing
industry. Now it’s a tourist area with lots
of shops, restaurants, and bakeries. Did

so much exploring at Fisherman's Wharf.

Exhausted and don’t feel like doing
anything else. Early night tonight!

Wednesday, 14th June

J hopped ona ferry to Angel Island this
morning, | had a good view of the Golden
Gate Bridge onthe way.

| read that from 1882 to 1940, Angel Island
was a famous immigration station where
many Chinese immigrants applied to live
in the USA. The cells in the station were
very small, cold, and damp; some did not
even have light, but the immigrants had
nowhere else to go. Their miserable stay
felt like punishment rather than justice
and freedom. They wrote poems on the
walls about loneliness, and mourned their
earlier life in China. The civil authorities
reformed the system in 1940, and many
more Chinese took the opportunity to
settle in the USA.

The visit to Angel Island made me think
about my life. Jam thankful for my easy life
today.

75

——— WORKBOOK y :

Reading and Writing
™@) 1 Read the web page and fill in the blanks below.

1 America is called the “ Nation”.
2 Formostpeople,  —=—————_sis “America’s game’.
3 is often called “America’s music’.

* SYMBOLS OF AMERICAN CULTURE *

Each country has its own unique culture, often represented by symbols, such as foods,
sports, music, and clothes, which tell us something about it. When you think of America, what
symbols come to your mind first?

Perhaps one of the most famous symbols of the US is fast food. Fast-food restaurants became
popular when people began driving cars around the country. Many of the earliest fast-food
restaurants were drive-ins where people ate in their cars while they were parked. However,
now drive-throughs have become popular because people need to keep up with the speed
of modern life. With a drive-through, you can just drive up to a window, pick up the food, and
then drive away. About 20% of all American meals are eaten in the car, and Americans spend
about 10% of their income on fast food. No wonder America is called the “Fast-Food Nation”!

When it comes to seeing a game in person, baseball is by far the most popular sport in
America. In a typical year, more people attend baseball games than football and basketball
games combined. And for most people, baseball is “America’s game” in a way that football
and basketball are not, because it is a special symbol of the American spirit. For one thing,
while baseball is a team sport, every player can be a hero or star. For another, almost anyone
can play baseball, even if you do not have great skills or ability. Finally, there is nothing more
American than eating a hot dog while watching a baseball game on a hot summer afternoon.
Baseball still is the “national pastime”.

Jazz is often called “America’s music”. It is a music style completely created in the United
States by African American musicians. Jazz music broke through the colour barriers, and has
become a key part of American culture. One early jazz pioneer was the trumpet player Louis
Armstrong (1901-1971). Perhaps more than any other person, Armstrong helped spread
jazz beyond its home in New Orleans to the rest of the United States, and to the world. Jazz
musicians freely make up their own music to express their own feelings, even while playing in a
group. This freedom and individuality make jazz a popular symbol of America.

There are many other symbols of America, such as the Statue of Liberty, Hollywood, and
Broadway. These are but a few symbols that show something of American culture.

76
oe UNIT3 DIVERSE CULTURES

2 Read the text again and answer these questions.

What are some common cultural symbols of America?
What made fast food popular in the US?

Why is baseball important in the life of Americans?
What can a musician express with jazz?

anon 一

Can you think of other symbols of American culture?

3 Note the organisation of the text.

1 Circle the topic sentence of each paragraph.
2 Underline explanations, reasons, or details that support the topic sentence.

4 Ingroups, brainstorm four symbols of China and discuss these questions about
each symbol. Take notes on your answers.

What is the history of this symbol?

Are there any famous people or events that
helped to make this a symbol of China?

Are there any sayings that connect this
symbol to China?

What does this symbol represent about
China or the Chinese people?

Why is this symbol loved by Chinese people?
5 Use the table below to help you arrange your notes into an outline. Write

down your topic sentences, and make notes of any reasons or details that
support the topic sentences.

| Symbols of China |
Symbol 1: Symbol 2:
Topic sentence: Topic sentence:
Reasons/Details: Reasons/Details: |
| Symbol 3: Symbol 4: |
Topic sentence: Topic sentence:
<7
Reasons/Details: Reasons/Details: o
ra

Use your notes to write a web page about the symbols of China. Make sure
that you include an introduction and a conclusion.

77

—— WORKBOOK 一生 — . _

* Expanding Your World

NEW ZEALAND AND MAORI CULTURE

—THE LAND OF THE LONG WHITE CLOUD

Due to its remote location in the Pacific Ocean, New Zealand was one of the last countries
to be discovered by humans. Although the majority of the current population is of European
descent, it was the minority group known as the Maori who were the first to settle there.
They named the country “Aotearoa”—the “Land of the Long White Cloud”. Today, both
past and present Maori culture can be found all over the country for all welcomed visitors to
appreciate.

Maori arts and crafts are world-renowned
and very popular with tourists. The Waka is a
traditional canoe that has been skillfully carved
out of a tree trunk, with beautiful carvings
added to show tribal history and culture. A large
war canoe could be up to 40 metres long and
hold up to 80 people. Visitors to Maori historic
buildings, such as tribal meeting halls, can
see beautifully carved wooden architecture.
In addition, there are countless smaller objects and masks that were made to honour
ancestors or legends, or to preserve a story for future generations.

Another well-known part of Maori culture is the traditional kapa
haka dance—made famous by New Zealand's national rugby
union team, who often perform it before games. The kapa haka is
a traditional dance performed for celebrations, special guests, and
battle ceremonies. The performance includes different dances and
songs that make up a whole. A common dance sequence could
be waiata tira (warm-up song), whakaeke (entrance song), waiata-
a-ringa (action song), haka (challenge), pou (old-style singing), po/
(ball-swinging), and whakawéatea (closing song).

Traditional tattoos, known as “moko”, are also a strong visual part
of Maori culture. They are most often done in spiral forms across

a man’s face, and on the chin and lips of a woman. They represent a person’s status, and
are also believed to increase attractiveness. Receiving moko is seen as a great honour, and
it is often part of a ritual to signal a person has passed an important milestone. As such, it
is usually added in stages as a person grows older and achieves more, in a sense telling a
unique story of a person’s life.

There is so much more for visitors to discover about Maori culture. It is an essential part of
what makes New Zealand the modern country that it is: a multicultural country that is forever
evolving in new and interesting ways.

78
UNIT 4 - SPACE EXPLORATION ——

Using Words and Expressions

1 Make phrases with the words inthetwo 3 Complete the sentences with the
columns and explain their meanings. correct forms of the words in the box.

Then make sentences with the phrases.

A B
1 travel argument
2 regular facilities
3 mental resources
4 — sports illness
5 — shallow customer
6 natural agency

2 Think of a word that best fits each
definition and complete the crossword.
Across:

1 information or facts

4 apiece of equipment used to check or
record something

5 avehicle used for travelling or carrying
things into space

8 enough fora particular purpose

Down:

a strong hope or wish

2 tobeasign that something exists or is going
to happen

3 apiece of cloth used for washing or drying
things

4 something that things can be made from

6 happening or existing now

7 onorto the further side of something

=

Some satellites can go around Earth in 90

minutes. Others that are much further away
can take a whole day to Earth,

Crop circles first began appearing in
England in 1975. Some people believe these
mysterious are created by aliens.

The musician hopes that he will have
time to make the new album.

Before you begin exercising, you should
spend five or ten minutes warming up your

Please write down a list of the things you
want to buy. You will forget them

If you encourage students to express their
thoughts and creative ideas, they will learn
to become thinkers.

You might be right, but don’t try to convince
people by . Because if they are
angry, they will be unable to hear you.

‘The safety video shows the proper

for leaving the cinema in case of fire.

The direction in which education starts a
man will his future life.
—Pluto

10 This training is designed for anyone who has

knowledge of outdoor survival.

79

80

4 Complete the following sentences with
the correct forms of the phrases or
expressions in the box.

carry on on board can't wait to
asaresult —_resultin in closing
run out in the hope of

€
in

1 Wang Yaping, the only female astronaut
the Shenzhou 10 spacecraft
taught a physics lesson to Chinese students
through a live video.

2 The Challenger disaster that occurred on 28
January 1986 the deaths of five
NASA astronauts and two specialists.

I would like to thank you for
all the happy times you shared with me, and
all the great memories you gave to me.

4 They visit the space museum
because a famous astronaut will give a lecture
there.

5 Thousands of people come to Loch Ness
each year seeing the famous
monster.

6 The water before they could
reach the next city.

7 Ifwe polluting our planet, what

will happen to our children?

8 Many people do not realise the importance
of space exploration technology in their lives.
, space exploration becomes a
waste of time and money in their eyes.

一 一 WORKBOOK 一 一 一 一 ne

5 Make compound words from groups A

and B. Then write your own sentences
using five of them. Use a dictionary to
help you.

space man worth smart
else world down through
high hard out narrow
heart long sight grown
kind walk wide phone
where out work — while
see mind up end

go break term town

Using Structures

1

Complete the sentences using
infinitives as the attribute or the
adverbial.

1 Q: Why is Yang Liwei famous in China?
A: Because he is

(第 一 个 进入 太空 的 中 国字 航 员 )，
2 Q: How do you feel about the film 2001:
A Space Odyssey?
A: I'm afraid the film is

(KKAZRHEES SE).
3 Q: Why was the Russian space station
Mir (和 平 号 空间 站 ) brought down
out of orbit?
A: One of the reasons is that Mir was too
old and
(不 再 是 安全 的 居所 ).
4 Q: Would youlike to travel into space some day?
A: Yes, and I want to become

(登陆 火星 的 第 一 个 中 国人 )，
5 Q: Could you provide a simple introduction
to how space rockets work?

A: I'matraid the whole process is

(ALRT, RERLAEMRRE),
2 Complete the sentences using the
correct forms of the words in the box.

hold build provide live
set carry select fall
take launch

一

The space shuttle (航天 飞机 ) was created
as a reusable launch vehicle

astronauts and other equipment into space
and back again. The shuttle looks like an
ordinary plane but it has a cargo bay ( #¢ 4 )
thatislargeenough a satellite.
2 Space probes (航天 探测 器 ) are often
sent to places that are too far away or too

dangerous for a human _ oot in.

For example, in 1977, the Voyager | space
probe was sent pictures of the
planets Saturn and Jupiter.

3 The International Space Station was too
big on Earth and

into space, so different countries worked
together and built about 100 modules (
2 4 ). Afterwards, these modules were
joined together in space _

living
quarters, laboratories, and other equipment

forastronauts for months.

4 Asthe first woman __ to make a trip
into space, Tereshkova felt lucky and proud.
When the great day finally came, she was

almost too excited _ asleep!

3 Complete the passage with the correct
forms of the verbs in the box.

UNIT 4 SPACE EXPLORATION

make do be connect

get see send

On 17 October 2016, China's space agency
launched the Shenzhou 1 | space vehicle

with the Tiangong 2 space laboratory.
The vehicle carried the astronauts Jing Haipeng
and Chen Dong. The connection between
Shenzhou 11 and Tiangong 2 took about two
hours to be completed.

The astronauts had many tasks in
space as part of their mission. Firstly, they had
to float through a narrow 80-centimetre wide
tubesoas____—_ on board Tiangong 2.
Once safely on board, the pair waved to the
camera on Tiangong 2, _ greetings to

everyone back home.

Then they performed various experiments. For
example, they grew rice in space. They also gave
themselves medical check-ups how

their bodies were affected by in space.

Jing Haipeng and Chen Dong finally returned
to Earth 30 days later, ___ their space
mission the longest such mission by Chinese

astronauts to date.

Use your own ideas to complete the
sentences.

__ istoo difficult to
enough to

3 [hope scientists willinventa
to

4 Ithinkweneedtofinda_ to

51

soas to

81
———~ WORKBOOK 一 一 -一 一 <=. . — 四

Reading and Writing

™@) 1 Read the text below and answer the questions.

于

Humans Terraforming Mars

Some of the world’s most important scientists think the idea of people living on Mars will
come true one day. Stephen Hawking believed humans must move into space to survive.
“Once we spread out into space and establish independent colonies, our future should
be safe,” he said. Robert Zubrin, a rocket scientist, agrees and thinks starting with Mars
makes the most sense. He thinks sending people to Mars will allow us to learn a lot—for
example, about the ability of humans to live in a very different environment.

However, scientists will need to terraform Mars for people to be able to live. Terraforming
means changing the environment on a planet so that it is similar to Earth’s. One of the
main goals of terraforming Mars is to warm it up because the average temperature
there is about -60°C. One idea for warming Mars is to build factories there that produce
greenhouse gases. This could take many centuries. However, it should lead to rainfall and
the growth of plants, resulting in more air that people can breathe.

Another big concern for scientists is whether humans can move to Mars and still stay
healthy in mind and body. As a test, six people lived in a Mars-like environment in Hawaii
for a year before “returning to Earth” recently. It was a 1,200-square-foot room that was on
the side of a volcano and used the sun for energy. Christiane Heinicke, one of the people
who lived there, said that one of the biggest issues was feeling bored. So humans on Mars
would always need to keep themselves busy with various activities. Another important
finding was that the people living together should all be able to get along and work
together.

One particular organisation based in Europe is planning to send the first humans to Mars
before 2030. The organisation believes that its project is giving people worldwide the chance
to be part of the first human crew ever to live on Mars for good. However, many experts
think the project’s cost of US$6 billion is too low for it to be successful. The American space
agency NASA believes that sending people to Mars would cost about US$100 billion,
although this estimate is based on bringing them back to Earth, too. Regardless, it seems
that humans living on Mars may well happen a lot sooner than most people believe.

82
= = - -一 一 - UNIT4 SPACE EXPLORATION

1 What was Stephen Hawking’s viewpoint on sending humans to other planets to live?
2 What does “terraforming” mean?

3 According to the test done in Hawaii, what might be one of the biggest problems for the first
humans living on Mars? What might be the solution?

4 What is the writer’s conclusion about living on Mars?

2 Look at the sentences taken from the text and explain the italicised parts in your own
words.

1 Robert Zubrin, a rocket scientist, agrees and thinks starting with Mars makes the most sense.
2 As atest, six people lived in a Mars-like environment in Hawaii for a year …

3 However, many experts think the project's cost of US$6 billion is too low for it to be successful.
3 Inpairs, discuss what Stephen Hawking said in Paragraph 1.

4 Write an essay that gives your opinion about the idea of humans living on Mars. In your
essay, make sure to answer the following questions in detail.

e Do you think this will happen in the future? If yes, when and why? fno, why not?

s What do you think are the main advantages and disadvantages of humans living on Mars?
e Do you think itisa good idea for some people to move to Mars for good? Why or why not?
e Would you like to live on Mars? Why or why not?

一 一 WORKBOOK Tet -一 一 ——

* Expanding Your World

What is the Big Bang Theory?

The Big Bang Theory is an idea about how our universe began. Many
scientists believe that everything in the universe used to be tightly C
pressed together. Then this mass of high energy separated into e
smaller pieces very quickly about 14 billion years ago to create the
universe. At the moment of creation, the universe was extremely hot
and everything was very close together. Then it began to spread out
and cool. Today, the universe is still getting bigger. The Big Bang is
considered to be the beginning of everything; time, space, and all the
matter in the universe.

What is the Hubble Space Telescope?

The Hubble Space Telescope is a very powerful telescope

and was put into low orbit around Earth in 1990. Its four main

instruments use a 2.4-metre mirror to look deep into space.

The telescope does not have to deal with the effects of

background light like telescopes on Earth, so it has been able

to take very detailed pictures of space. A big achievement of
: the telescope has been to help scientists correctly measure
“how quickly the universe is expanding.

What is FAST?

China’s Five-hundred-metre Aperture Spherical Telescope is better
known as FAST. Located in Guizhou Province in southwestern
China, FAST has been used since 25 September 2016. Its
500-metre dish is the world’s largest single-dish radio telescope.
As such, scientists can use it to look for various things in the
universe that are very far away. They can also use it to search for
signs of communication that are not coming from Earth. Finding
such things would prove that there is intelligent life somewhere else
iewwsse ,rlrrrrr—“—srSSOS

What is a quantum satellite?

On 16 August 2016, China became the first country in the
world to launch a quantum communications satellite into
space. A quantum satellite is different from other satellites
because it links together very small things, called subatomic
particles, and uses them to send and receive information.
Unlike other information, this information is completely safe
from people who may want to steal it. If anyone tries, the link
between the subatomic particles changes and the information
becomes unreadable.

UNIT 5 THE VALUE OF MONEY

Using Words and Expressions

1 What does each word mean asa 10 She became a professional actress after she

noun and a verb? Complete the
sentences using the correct forms
of these words.

judge sort spot suit tailor

1 Weshould all try to be the of
person who maintains a balance between
their income and expenses well.

2 Sam the film DVDs according
to genres ( 4 #% ), like action, comedy, and
horror.

3 All students are required to dress formally
on this occasion, so each boy must wear a

and tie.

4 The director of the opera decided
immediately during the woman’s audition
(4x¥8 ) that the role her
perfectly.

5 They invited a famous singer-songwriter to
be one of the
season of that popular talent show.

on the newest

6 I feel that we should not people
on the basis of how they look or how much
money they have. Qualities like kindness and
honesty should not be ignored.

7 Hewona Best Actor award fora film role
that had been specially for him.
Critics ( 评论 家 ) said this had been the best
performance of his career so far.

8 The school hired an experienced
to make the lifelike dinosaur
costumes the students needed for their
performance.

9 This is the where they filmed
that scene from Forrest Gump with him
saying “Life is like a box of chocolates. You
never know what youre gonna get.”

was bya talent scout (2% )

who saw her perform in a school play.

2 Complete the passage with the

phrases in the box.

incase inadirectmanner by accident
asamatter of fact inthatcase —

Icame to love stage design .When
I was in the ninth grade, my teacher Ms Weaver
asked me to join her stage design team for
a play. I told her that I didn’t know anything
about stage design. But Ms Weaver said, “Give it
atry, you have a talent for it!”, so I
became part ofher team. And ;
Ms Weaver turned out to be right—I was good
at stage design! Ms Weaver was strict and spoke
but she was always encouraging
and inspiring. For example, if we could not
figure out what kind of stage design to create
, think
about the plot from a different point of view.

for a scene, she would say, “

You never know what will pop into your mind!”
I have to say, learning stage design greatly
broadened my mind. And thanks to Ms Weaver,
I began to have more confidence in my own
creativity, and I developed such a strong interest
in stage design that I realised I wanted to spend

the rest of my life doing it.

85
~—— WORKBOOK

3 Complete the passage with the correct 4 这 部 剧 讲 的 是 小 伙 子 买 小 船 周游 世界 的
forms of the words in the box. 故事 以 及 他 回 到 家 乡 定居 之 前 的 冒险 经
历 。(settle down, sail)

5 得 知 女儿 想 考 戏剧 学 院 ， 他 们 每 月 都 存
一 点 儿 钱 ， 这 样 女儿 上 大 学 就 不 需要 申

settle whisper — duty patience
judge permission hesitate seek

Wearing blue jeans, Gary stood in front of an iH KAT » (set aside, loan)

expensive tailors shop. After for 6 当 店员 看 到 那 张 百 万 英镑 的 钞票 时 ， 吃
several moments, he finally went in and asked 惊 得 说 不 出 话 来 。 他 恢复 常态 后 ， 因 为
to see the suit in the window. The shop assistant 不 能 竞 开 钞票 而 连声 道歉 。(normal make
looked down on Gary because of the way he apologies, break the note)

was dressed. Glancing at him impatiently, he
to the owner nearby. With the

owner's , he said that the suit had Using Structures
already been sold. Gary was angry that he was _
being by his clothes. The next day 1 Work out the meanings of the

modal verbs from the context. Then

he returned to the same shop, dressed more . :
P, translate the sentences into Chinese.

properly this time. After out the

assistant, he asked to see an expensive-looking 1 had better and ought to

suit on an upper shelf. Not realising who Gary It's hard to tell what will happen to someone

was, the assistant was eager to carry out his witha million-pound bank note. We’d
properly this time. With great better make a bet.

一 ”and difficulty, he climbed up to We ought to find the perfect person for our

bring the suit down, apologising for keeping bet.

Gary waiting. The moment Gary looked at it 2 must and can't
more closely, however, he said he did not like it.

Get him his change? You must be joking.

He enjoyed himself making the assistant bring a :tbetmue ItisE10000001
at can t be true. It is £1, , !

almost everything in the shop to him before he
finally on buying tie. Would you Ifyou lose the bet, you must pay £20,000,
do the same if you were Gary? and you can’t eat your words!

4 Translate the sentences into English 3 eel are werent

using the words and phrases in A: The gentlemen have left for the
brackets. Continent, and they said they would not
1 我 坐 在 歌剧 院外 面 的 台阶 上 ， 欣 赏 着 它 be back until a month later.
的 外 观 ， 想 起 多 年 前 在 这 里 看 演出 的 那 B: Will you tell them I’ve been here, and
一 天 。 (stair, opera, external) that I will keep coming till they tell me
2 作者 暗示 ， 在 一 定 程度 上 ， 男 女 主 人 公 what this is all about?
对 最 后 的 悲惨 结局 都 负 有 责任 。(indicate, 4 /mmayand might
to... extent, tragic) May I tell youa story? What do you think
3 作为 一 个 制 片 人 ， 他 的 职责 之 一 是 为 这 部 may happen to a millionaire in rags?

剧 中 的 角色 寻找 最 佳 演员 , 包括 银行 职员 、
BH, GAB. RAR, AED
角色 。(duty seek, clerk, tailor, servant)

Henry played a passive role in the bet. What
might have happened ifhe had known
from the beginning what it was all about?

86
5 canand could
When the clerk saw the million-pound note,
he couldn’t believe his eyes. “Could you
please come this way, sir?” he said. “Let me
show you some of our best clothes.”

Some people never play any game for
fun. Ifthey can’t make something or lose
something—they don’t care which—they
won't play.
2 John is learning English proverbs.
Fill in the blanks with suitable

modal verbs to explain these
proverbs to him.

1 One good turn deserves ( #7 ) another.
Ifsomeone does something nice for you, you
do something nice in return.

2 Hope for the best, but prepare for the worst.
Bad things might happen, so you
be prepared.

3 There’s no such thing as a free lunch.
Things that are offered for free
have a hidden cost.

4 God helps those who help themselves.
You (not) just wait for good things
to happen to you. Work hard to achieve your
goals.

5 Beggars can’t be choosers.
Ifyou are asking for something from others,
you take whatever they give you.

3 Fill in the blanks with suitable modal
verbs in the box. Add not if necessary.
Some words can be used more than once.

Karen: Ohno! 1 find the earrings
that I’m supposed to wear in the first
scene of the play!

Sandy: You mean the silver earrings? They
be there beneath your play

script. I saw them just now.

UNIT5 THE VALUE OF MONEY

: No, they’re not. Someone
have taken them!

: Don't worry. 1 can help you look for them
ifyou like me to.

: Oh, that would be great!
you start searching from the other side of

the room? I'll start from this side.

Sandy: Sure, no problem! But what will happen if

find the earrings?

we

Then I
quickly! Those earrings are an important

Karen: think of a solution

part of my costume.

Sandy: Hmm ... Actually you have another

option. You go to the store
to buy another pair of earrings that looks
similar to the missing pair. They're not

expensive, right?

Karen: That's a good idea! Thanks, Sandy!

4 Complete the sentences with would,
was/were going to, and the words in
brackets.

1 The clerk in the consulate told Henry that
they

loan).

(not, give, a

2 Henry entered the gentlemen's house,
wondering if they
(offer, a job).

3 The gentlemen said that Henry
(know, everything) in an hour
anda half.
4 Henry (explain
why, not pay, the bill) right away when the

waiter became impatient.

5 The owner of the tailor’s shop never thought
he (hold, sucha

large note).

6 After one month, Henry went to see the
gentlemen with Portia. He
(give back, note).

87

WORKBOOK 一 一 一

@) 1

88

Reading and Writing

phrase to summarise it.

N=
N:

Read the following scene from The Million Pound Bank Note and choose a

-)

The winner of the bet Henry’s new job Money talks
A happy ending Falling in love The fate of the bank note

ACT 2, SCENE 3

Narrator H=Henry P=Portia R=Roderick O= Oliver f

Henry and Portia fell in love. Henry also
met an old family friend who had money
troubles. His friend used Henry's name to
get people to invest in his gold mine. This
made Henry rich. A month has passed.
Knowing the two brothers were back,
Henry dressed himself in the finest clothes
and went to see them with Portia.

(At the brothers’ home, the servant lets them
in. The two brothers are seated, waiting.)

H:

Pe)

Good morning, gentlemen. (Roderick
seems very surprised to see Portia.)
Portia, these are the men who helped me.

: So very nice to meet you, kind sirs. (She

gives Oliver a wink.)

: Gentlemen, I’m ready to report.
fete Ody les
: Now we can decide the result of the bet

which Roderick and | made. If you’ve
won for me, you shall have any job as my
gift. Have you got the million-pound bank
note?

: Here itis, sir.
: 1ve won! Now what do you say, Roderick?
: | say that I’ve lost twenty thousand

pounds. Why, that is amazing, man!

: Come, let's be going now, Portia.

: But wait, wait! The job, you know. | ought

to give you a job, as | promised.

: Well, thank you very much, but | really

don’t want one now.

THE MILLION POUND BANK NOTE

P: Henry, I’m disappointed in you. You didn’t
thank the gentlemen properly. May | do it for
you?

H: Let me see you try.

(Portia walks over to Roderick and gives him a
hug. Then she sits in Oliver's lap, puts her arms
around his neck and kisses him on the cheek.
Oliver begins laughing.)

P: Papa, he says he doesn’t want anything else
from you.

H: (surprised) My dear, is that your papa?!
P: Hes my stepfather.

H: Oh, my dearest dear sir, | apologise for what
| said. You have got a job opening that |
want.

O: Name it.
: Son-in-law.

fae

O: Well, well, well! But you’ve never had such a
job before. How can | be sure you can do it
successfully?

H: Try me... oh, do, | beg of you!
: Oh, well, all right.

N: Were Portia and Henry happy? Words alone
were not enough to describe it. Eventually,
Portia’s stepfather took that bank note back
to the Bank of England and cashed it. The
bank note was then useless for money but
was his wedding gift to the young couple.
Yes, the bank note was worth a million
pounds, but it was not worth even one tenth
of what Henry felt for Portia.

fe}
-一 一 一 - UNIT5 THEVALUE OF MONEY

2 Put the following events in the correct order.

Oliver cashes the bank note.

___ Henry falls in love with Portia.
____ Henry finds out Oliver is Portia’s stepfather.

Roderick and Oliver come back from their trip.
Oliver offers Henry a job.

3 Answer the following questions.

1

a ® © ND

4 Write a review of the play The Million Pound

How did Henry become rich?

Who won the bet, Roderick or Oliver? Why?
Why didn’t Henry want a job from Oliver?

What happened to Henry and Portia in the end?

What kind of person do you think Henry was at the beginning? How did he change during
the one month?

How did people treat Henry during that month? What do these people have in common?
What do you think the writer wanted to tell us through this story?

0

Play reviews

Bank Note. There are two kinds of play reviews: a

1

2

review of a written play, and a review

, , : of a perform: .Th rpose of a pla
In pairs, discuss what elements are usually included e bee Se ae

， | review is to give information to others
in a review of a written play. so they can decide whether or not they

. . want to read or watch the play.
Use the outline below to make notes about your review.

An introduction:
e What is the name of the play?
s Who is the author?

A short summary of the play:

es What is the play about? (Do not give away the ending of the play!)

es Who are the characters and what are they like?

© How do the characters’ attitudes towards Henry change during the play?

Your thoughts and feelings about the play:
sa Did you enjoy the play? Why or why not?
@ Would you recommend the play to other people? Why or why not?

3 Now write your review using full sentences. Remember you should explain your ideas.

89

~~ WORKBOOK 一 一 一 一 一 SSS 1 一 一 一 一

* Expanding Your World

MY UNCLE JULES [Adapted] |

Henri René Albert Guy de Maupassant

When I was growing up in Havre, my family was very poor.

My father worked long hours to support our family. We ate the same food
every day, saved where we could, and tried our best to keep up appearances.
Every Sunday, we would put on our best clothes and go for a walk by the
sea. My parents would walk at the back with great dignity. My sisters, both
of marriageable age, would stride ahead, hoping to attract the right people.
On those days, when we saw the ships returning from distant countries, my father would remark:
“What a surprise it would be if Jules were on that one! Eh?”

My uncle Jules was the black sheep of the family. He had squandered both his inheritance and my
father’s, before setting forth for America. There, he set up a business in New York and wrote to say
that he would soon repay my father. The news caused a dramatic change. Once regarded as a hopeless
case by all, Uncle Jules was now considered a good and honest man, like all the other Davranches.
“When I am wealthy, I shall return to Havre,” he promised in another letter. “I hope it won’t be too
long and that we shall all live happily together.”

That letter was pulled out and read at every opportunity. The more time passed, the more hopeful my
family became. After all, our dreams were built on the wealth of Uncle Jules.

A few years later, one of my sisters got married to a clerk—a man whom I suspect to have seen the
letter—and my family celebrated by going on a rare holiday together. On the ship bound for Jersey,
we saw an old man shucking oysters for the passengers.
“That man looks extraordinarily like Jules,” my father muttered to my mother.
Astonished, my mother went to take a closer look. She, too, turned pale as a sheet. My father then —
asked the captain for more information.
The captain said, “He’s a tramp whom I met in America. He’s avoiding his family in Havre because
he owes them money. I think his name is Jules—Jules Darmanche or Darvanche, or something like
that.” :
“Tt’s he! What should we do?” moaned my father. Z
My mother, suddenly furious, exclaimed, “I knew that thief would remain useless! What else can we
expect from a Davranche!” 3
Only the three of us were in the know. Determined to keep it that way, my parents handed me five
francs and asked me to pay for the oysters discreetly.
“How much do we owe you, monsieur?” I asked.
“Two francs fifty,” he replied.
I handed him the money and received change from his poor wrinkled hand. I looked at his old and
unhappy face, and I, too, saw my uncle. Unable to help myself, I gave him back fifty centimes.
“Thank you so much, young sir!” he said gratefully, without recognising me.

' “Are you insane?” my mother exclaimed when I returned with two francs. “Giving a tip to that

_ man—”

_ My father pointed at his son-in-law. Everyone fell silent. As we drew closer to Jersey, I wanted
desperately to see my Uncle Jules again and to console him with tender words, but he had long
disappeared below the deck.

90
Appendices 附录

Notes 注释

Unit 1

Phoenix flutes make music, ... whirl the whole night long. 凤 第 声 动 ， 玉 壶 光 转 ， 一 夜 鱼

°

这 几 句 词 源 自我 国 宋朝 词 人 辛弃疾 (1140-1207) 的 著名 词 作 《青玉 案 . UY), REBECA
诗 苑 汉 英 译 丛 : 宋词 》( 杨 宪 益 、 戴 乃 介 等 译 )。 全 词 描绘 了 我 国 古代 元 宵 节 景 人 合 一 的 民俗 风情 画卷 。
该 词 作 全 文 为 :“ 东 风 夜 放 花 千 树 。 更 吹 落 、 星 如 雨 。 宝 马 膨 车 香 满 路 。 凤 第 声 动 ， 玉 壶 光 转 ， 一 夜 鱼
龙 舞 。 蛾 儿 雪 柳 黄 金 线 。 笑 语 盈 盈 暗 香 去 。 众 里 寻 他 千百度 。 莫 然 回首 ， 那 人 却 在 ， 灯 火 羡 珊 处 。

Coming-of-Age Day 成 人 节

迈 入 成 年 是 人 生成 长 的 重要 标志 ， 具 有 深远 意义 ， 因 此 ， 世 界 各 国人 民 都 非常 重视 ， 不 仅 有 明确 的
成 年 标准 ， 还 会 举行 仪式 庆祝 。 有 的 国家 还 形成 特有 的 节日 ， 将 其 称 作 “成 人 礼 ”或 “成 人 节 ”。 日 本
成 人 节 为 每 年 一 月 第 二 个 星期 一 ， 成 人 式 是 该 国 的 一 种 传统 ， 以 庆祝 青年 人 年 满 20 岁 ， 迈 入 成 年 。 日
本 女性 通常 会 穿着 一 种 叫 作 “ 振 袖 ”( furisode ) 的 和 服 参加 成 人 式 ， 男 性 也 会 穿 传统 服饰 ， 但 现在 很 多
男性 更 愿意 穿 西式 服装 。

carnivals 狂欢 节

狂欢 节 又 称 “嘉年华 ” ， 该 节日 的 欢 庆 方 式 包括 歌 舞 、 音 乐 和 多 姿 多 彩 的 热闹 的 游行 等 。 狂 欢 节 起
源 于 中 世纪 ， 在 每 年 的 大 高 期 ( Lent ) 前 举办 。 也 有 专家 认为 狂欢 节 源 于 古 罗 马 时 代 的 仲 冬 节 。 世 界
上 有 不 少 极 负 盛 名 的 狂欢 节 ， 其 中 包括 巴西 里 约 狂 欢 节 (Rio Carnival) 和 美国 新 奥尔良 狂欢 节 ( Mardi
Gras in New Orleans )。

里 约 狂欢 节 被 认为 是 世界 上 最 盛大 的 狂欢 节 ， 于 每 年 二 月 或 三 月 举办 ， 时 长 五 至 七 天 。 里 约 狂欢 节
以 各 流派 桑 巴 舞 (samba) 表演 最 为 闻名 。 狂 欢 节 期 间 ， 各 舞蹈 团体 、 歌 唱 团体 、 演 奏 困 体 之 间 相 互 竞
艺 ， 欢 庆 的 人 们 服装 华丽 ， 表 演 火 热 奔放 且 持 续 时 间 长 ， 场 面 极为 壮观 。

This important agricultural festival takes place after all the crops have been
gathered in. 这 一 重要 的 农耕 节日 (—hk) 会 在 所 有 农作物 收割 完毕 后 举行 。

During the Mid-Autumn Festival in China, families gather to admire the shining
moon and enjoy delicious mooncakes. 在 中 国 中 秋 节 期 间 ， 家 庭 成 员 团 聚 在 一 起 ， 共 赏 明月 ，
品尝 美味 的 月 饼 。

gather 一 词 的 含义 非常 丰富 。 上 面 所 列 的 第 一 句 中 ，gather sth (in) 表示 “收割 ; 收获 ” 。 第 二 句 中
gather #7 “RE; 集合 ”， 在 表达 这 一 含义 时 ，gather 之 后 还 可 接 介词 或 副词 ， 如 round、together
等 。 例 如 ;

Many people in the square were attracted by the beautiful music and they soon gathered round the
performers. 广场 上 许多 人 被 那 美妙 的 音乐 所 吸引 ， 很 快 都 聚集 在 演奏 者 的 周围 。

It is a tradition for most American families to gather together to celebrate Thanksgiving. 对 于 大 多 数
美国 家 庭 而 言 ， 聚 在 一 起 庆祝 感恩 节 是 一 种 传统 。

此 外 ，gather 还 可 表示 “收拢 ; VAR” “搜集 ; KR” “AA; 猜想 ”等 含义 。 例 如 :

The boy gathered all his toys from the floor and then put away in a box. 男孩 将 地 上 所 有 的 玩具 收 起
来 ， 然 后 放 在 盒子 里 。

Gather ye rosebuds while ye may. 花 开 堪 折 直 需 折 ( 意思 是 花 开 了 可 以 折 的 时 候 要 赶紧 去 折 )。

| gather from your letter that you are not satisfied with your new job. 从 你 的 来 信 中 我 了 解 到 ， 你 对
你 的 新 工作 不 是 很 满意 。

91
Appendices

92

But, to be frank, the fireworks going off throughout the night were really annoying.

但 是 ,

此 句 中 going off throughout the night 朋

说 实话 ， 整 晚 的 烟花 燃放 声 真 的 有 些 令 人 烦躁 。

Aff fireworks 的 定语 ， 其 中 动词 短语 go of 表示 “爆炸 ” 。 除

了 这 一 含义 以 外 ，go off 还 可 表达 “离开 ”“( 警报 器 ) 发 出 响声 ”“( 设备 ) 停止 运转 ”“( 食物 ) 变质 ”

等 含义 。 例 如 :

He hung up the phone and went off in a hurry. 他 挂 了 电话 ， 匆 忙 地 离开 了 。

The central heating in the building goes off at 6 o’clock. 大 楼 的 中 央 供 暖 系统 六 点 停止 供暖 。

The alarm clock went off at 6:40 and woke him up. 62404}, ihm y, +
Don’t drink the milk; it’s gone off. 别 喝 那 牛奶 ， 牛 奶 坏 了 。

P 他 叫 醒 了 。

[{ 思考 】 你 还 学 过 哪些 与 go 相关 的 短语 ? 请 将 它们 列 出 来 并 说 明 其 意义 和 用 法 。

the Naadam Festival

“ABA RR”

“那达慕 ”大 会

会 是 蒙古 族 传统 贡

自
语 ， 意 为 “娱乐

”“ 游 戏 "。 “AGAR” RFRA

， 主 要 流行 于 我 国内 蒙古 自治 区 、 甘 肃 省
治 区 和 蒙古 人 民 共 和 国 。“ 那 达 莫 ”大 会 举办

时 间 一 般 在 七 八 月 ， 节 期 一 至 数

、 青 海 省 、 新 疆 维吾尔

o “AAR” ARE

BH “SRA” st. “AA”

BRARR NS, BRRARCAM. AMBEBURAE, PRAMS,
一 些 体育 娱乐 活动 ， 后 来 演变 为 “那达慕 ” 大 会 ， 成 为 欢 庆 农 业 丰收 和 畜牧 业 兴

秋 牧 闲 时 节 ，

旗 或 数 旗 联 合 举办 “那达慕 ”

义 石 块 堆积 而 成 ， 原 是
人 冀 兴 旺 ， 同 时 也 举行
旺 的 节日 盛会 。 每 年 夏

大 会 。

国 时 ， 牧 民 身 着 盛装 ， 骑

“ 那 达 莫 ”盛会 要 进行 赛马 、 射 箭 和 摔跤 三 项 竞技 ， 现 在 还 增添 了 马 球 、 马 术 、

等 新 内 容 ， 同 时

进行 物资 交流 。 大 会 期 间 ， 与 会

I'm finally back home now, feeling re
friend was totally worth it. HERAT El
达 慕 " 大 会 是 完全 值得 的 。

be worth it 是 一 种 非 正式 表达 ， 常

马 或 乘 车 赶 来 。 传 统 的
径 比 赛 以 及 文艺 演出

SHAME, WARK.

表示 某 事 不 值得 做 。 例 如 :
It took us at least three hours to get to the top of the mountain, but the view up there is worth it. 到

山 项 至 少 花 了 我 们 三 个 小 时 ， 但 是 ( 观赏 ) 上

A: Shall we
B: No, it’s n

Unit 2

的 景色 还 是 值得 的 。

go and see the museum? 我 们 去 不 去 看 那个 博物 馆 ?

ot worth it. 不 去 ， 不 值得 去 。

ally tired, but celebrating Naadam with my
到 家 了 ， 感 到 十 分 疲倦 ， 但 是 和 我 的 朋友 一 起 欢度 " 那

来 表示 某 事 是 否 值得 做 。 与 之 相反 的 表达 是 be not worth it， 即

To a person nothing is more precious than their life, .… 对 一 个 人 来 说 ， 没 有 什么 比 他 们 的

To me, nothing can be more important than a healthy body. 对 我 来 说 ，

生命 更 加 珍贵 了 ，
MMe o MO:
要 。

In my eyes, nothing is better than your presence. 依 我 看 ， 没 有 什么

此 处 “nothing is + (形容词 ) 比较 级 + than …” 是 一 个 常见 的 句 型 ， 表 示 “ 没 有 什么 比 …… 更

没有

什么 比 健康 的 身体 更 重

比 你 亲自 出 席 更 好 的 了 。

句 中 their 相 当 于 his or her。 在 现代 英语 中 ， 人 们 对 诸如 person、somebody、anyone 这 类 性 别 不

明 的 指 代 ， 除 了 宽泛 地 使 用

行 指 代 ， 即 使

Let’s keep our voices

EAS ETRE

If anyone finds my glasses, cou

they/them/their, a0;

°

he or she, him or her 或 his or herds}, BS

时 候 会 结

合 语 境 选 用 复数 概念

low—someone is taking their naps in the classroom. 我 们 说 话 低 声 些 ， 有 人

id they let me know? 如 果 有 哪 位 看 到 我 的 眼镜 了 ， 麻 烦 告诉 我 好 吗 ?
These words of Dr Lin Qiaozhi give us a look into the heart of this amazing woman,
and what carried her through a life of hard choices. 林 巧 稚 这 一 席 话 使 我 们 得 以 罕见 这 位 非
凡 女 性 的 内 心 世界 ， 并 了 解 是 什么 支撑 她 度 过 充满 艰难 抉择 的 一 生 。

林 巧 锥 ( 1901 一 1983 )， 中 国 著名 医学 家 ， 我 国 妇 产 科学 的 先驱 。1929 年 ， 林 巧 稚 毕 业 于 私立 北
平 协和 医学 院 ( 后 更 名 为 北京 协和 医学 院 )， 被 聘 为 协和 医院 妇 产科 大 夫 ， 为 该 院 第 一 位 毕业 留 院 的 中
国 女医 生 。 新 中 国 成 立 后 ， 她 曾 担任 中 华 医 学 会 副 主席 等 职务 ， 是 中 国 科 学 院 首 批 学 部 委员 中 唯一 的 女
性 院士 ， 在 妇 产 医学 和 妇幼 保健 领域 作出 了 杰出 贡献 。

carry sb through 为 短语 动词 ， 表 示 “ 帮 助 或 使 得 某 人 勇 闯 难 关 、 战 胜 病魔 等 " 。 如 :

My confidence, together with the skills you taught me, carried me through the exams. 我 的 信心 ， 加
上 您 教 给 我 的 技巧 ， 帮 助 我 通过 了 考试 。

It was your words that carried her through. 是 你 的 话 支撑 着 她 渡 过 了 难关 。

At times she was even seen riding a donkey to faraway villages to provide medical
care. 有 时 人 们 甚至 会 看 到 她 骑 着 毛驴 到 遥远 的 村 庄 给 人 看 病 。

与 see 类 似 的 表示 感觉 和 心理 状态 的 动词 ， 如 hear、feel、smell、watch、find 等 ， 其 后 都 可 接 “ 宾
语 + 动词 -ng 形式 ”构成 的 复合 宾语 结构 ， 动 词 -pg 形式 充当 宾语 补足 语 ， 用 来 补充 说 明 宾语 的 动作 和
情况 。 如 ;
We often see her dancing in front of the public. 我 们 常常 看 到 她 在 公众 面前 翩 遍 起 舞 。
| didn’t notice him leaving the building. 我 没 注意 到 他 离开 大 楼 。

faraway 是 一 个 形容 词 ， 主 要 用 作 前 置 定语 ， 修 饰 具体 的 名 词 。 如 :

We enjoy his stories of all the faraway countries he has visited. 我 们 喜欢 听 他 讲 所 有 他 去 过 的 遥远
度 的 故事 。

而 far away 短语 则 不 同 ， 除 用 作 状 语 外 ， 还 可 作 后 置 定语 ， 对 名 词 进行 限定 。 如 :

We could hear the sound of water not far away. 我 们 听 得 见 不 远 处 水 的 响声 。

Sam lives far away from his school. 萨 姆 住 的 地 方 离 他 的 学 校 很 远 。

图

And even as she lay dying, her final thoughts were for others. 即使 在 她 弥留 之 际 ， 她 最
RiRShhEbA.

beylie dying 相 当 于 汉语 “弥留 之 际 ”， 是 一 种 地 道 的 英语 表达 方式 。 如 :
He was dying, but still thinking about the safety of others. 在 他 弥留 之 际 ， 依 然 想 着 他 人 的 安危 。

After a while, a group of women came along, each balancing a pot of water on her
head. 2 7—-BIL, —HRBRETUR, SCALLMBMA—iEK,

2x4) # each balancing a pot of water on her head 是 一 个 由 代词 each 和 动词 -pg 形式 短语 组 成 的
独立 结构 ， 充 当 句子 的 状语 ， 这 种 语法 现象 被 称 作 “独立 主格 结构 " 。 该 结构 通常 由 “名 词 或 代词 + 动
词 -pg 形 式 短语 或 过 去 分 词 短 语 、 不 定式 短语 、 介 词 短语 等 ”构成 。 在 该 结构 中 ， 名 词 或 代词 和 其 后 的
短语 构成 逮 辑 上 的 主 谓 关 系 ， 用 来 修饰 谓语 动词 或 整个 句子 ， 表 示 时 间 、 条 件 、 原 因 、 伴 随 、 目 的 或 结
果 等 。 如 :

The day being hot, we went swimming. 天 气 炎 热 ， 我 们 去 游泳 了 。

He lay on his back, his hands crossed under his head. 他 仰 面 躺 着 ， 交 叉 的 双手 枕 在 头 下 。

Unit 3

a potluck dinner/party “ 百 乐 餐 ”

potluck dinnerparty 是 美国 很 受 欢迎 的 一 种 聚餐 形式 。 它 最 早出 现在 16 世 纪 的 英格兰 ， 取 意 于
“luck of the pot”， 即 “ 锅 里 正巧 有 的 食物 ”， 指 非特 意 准 备 的 家 常 便 饭 。potluck dinner/party AY F ICH
译 为 “ 百 乐 餐 ”， 后 衍生 成 客人 自 带 食物 的 聚会 。 被 邀请 的 客人 需 自 带 一 款 亲 自 亮 调 的 食物 与 大 家 一 同

一 ee — Notes “一 一

93
Appendices ——-=

94

分 享 ， 这 样 所 有 人 既 可 以 品尝 到 丰盛 的 美味 ， 还 能 帮助 主人 减少 花 销 和 准备 时 间 。 由 于 这 样 的 聚会 方式
既 方 便 又 省 钱 ， 因 而 成 为 美国 一 种 大 众 化 的 请 客 方式 。

Native Americans 美洲 土著 居民

美洲 土著 居民 ， 即 印第安 人 ， 属 蒙古 人 种 美洲 支 系 。 他 们 使 用 印第安 语 ， 包 括 十 几 个 语族 。 多 数学
者 认为 ， 美 洲 印第安 人 是 在 大 约 两 三 万 年 前 分 多 批 从 西伯 利 亚 经 白 令 海 峡 到 达 阿 拉 斯 加 ， 逐 步 向 南 迁
徙 ， 一 直抵 达 美洲 最 南端 ， 散 布 于 整个 美洲 。 在 哥伦布 到 达 美洲 时 ， 印 第 安 人 人 口 众多 ， 估 计 在 2,000
万 到 4,000 万 之 间 。 从 16 世 纪 起 ， 由 于 遭受 欧洲 殖民 者 的 入 侵 和 屠杀 ， 印 第 安 人 人 口 急剧 减少 。 其 后
缓慢 回升 ， 到 21 世纪 初 约 有 5,000 万 人 。

SRAM RNA SUES NTR. HTT EX, GOB. MAR. AB. TT,
草 等 农作物 。 其 次 是 对 艺术 的 创造 ， 特 别 是 安第斯 地 区 印第安 人 的 艺术 ， 表 现 出 对 生活 的 丰富 想象 力 和
细致 的 观察 力 。 工 艺 品 有 木雕 、 编 织 、 纺 织 、 羽 饰 、 刺 绣 和 陶器 等 。 独 具 一 格 的 印第安 艺术 至 今 仍 是 现
代 美 洲 人 民 艺 术 发 展 的 基础 。

gold rush 淘金 热

19 世 纪 40 年 代 末 ， 加 利 福 尼 亚 发 现金 矿 的 消息 很 快 传 遍 美国 并 又 动 世界 ， 人 们 蜂拥 而 至 ， 形 成 空
前 的 淘金 热潮 。 这 一 热潮 使 得 美国 吸引 了 更 多 来 自 世界 各 地 的 移民 ， 极 大 地 推动 了 西部 地 区 的 发 展 。 作
为 淘金 热 的 中 心地 区 ， 圣 弗朗西斯 科 ( 又 称 三 落 市 ) 被 称 为 “旧金山 。

1851 年 ， 人 们 在 澳大利亚 墨尔本 也 发 现 了 金 矿 ， 并 在 那里 形成 淘金 热 ， 故 墨尔本 又 被 称 为 “新 金
山 "。

Apart from being the kingdom of flowers, it is home to many ethnic minority
groups. (4H) 除了 是 花 的 王国 以 外 ， 还 是 许多 少数 民族 的 居住 地 。

介词 短语 apart from 可 表示 “除了 …… 外 ”“ 除 了 …… 还 ”“ 此 外 ”等 含义 ， 相 当 于 美
aside from。 例 如 ，

Apart from the boring fight between the two heroes, it is a really good movie. 除了 两 个 主人 公 之 间
乏味 的 打斗 以 外 ， 这 部 电影 还 真 的 不 错 。
Apart from being a painter, she is also a yoga coach. 除了 是 位 画家 ， 她 还 是 个 瑜伽 教练 。

FA

英语 中 的

on

思考 】 你 能 再 说 出 几 个 表示 “除了 …… 外 ”或 “此 外 ”的 介词 或 介词 短语 吗 ? 请 用 它们 造句 ， 说
明 其 用 法 。

What started as a residential area for Chinese immigrants then turned into a centre
for Chinese culture. 早先 作为 中 国 移民 的 住宅 区 的 地 方 后 来 变 成 了 中 华文 化 的 中 心 。

What started as a residential area for Chinese immigrants 是 一 个 主语 从 句 ， 整 句 话 的 谓语 是 turned
into。

Unit 4
Space: The Final Frontier 太空 : 最 后 的 边境

这 个 标题 源 于 美国 系列 连续 剧 《 星 际 迷 航 》( Star Trek) 每 一 集 最 初 的 引 语 ， 是 剧 中 人 物 James
Kirk 舰 长 的 一 段 独白 ， 全 文 为 : Space, the final frontier. These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise.
Its continuing mission, to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life and civilisations, to boldly go
where no man has gone before.

Notes “一 一

2 However, some scientists were determined to help humans realise their dream to
explore space. 然而 ， 一 些 科 学 家 决意 要 帮助 人 类 实现 探索 太空 的 梦想 。

t/a] be determined to do sth 的 意思 是 “下 定 决 心 做 某 事 ”， 其 中 determined 是 形容 词 ， 表 示
“有 决心 的 ; 意志 坚定 的 ”。 如 :

She was determined to lose weight successfully this time. 这 一 次 ， 她 下 定 决心 一 定 要 减肥 成 功 。

His father made a determined effort to quit smoking. #HBSRESHA RIA.

动词 determine 则 表示 “决定 ; 确定 ”， 其 后 可 接 名 词 、 从 名 或 不 定式 。 如 :

nvestigators are trying to determine the cause of the accident. 调查 人 员 在 设法 弄 清 事 故 的 原因 。
Doctors have determined that the old man died of a heart attack. 医生 们 确定 老人 死 于 心脏 病 发 作 。
He determined to leave the city at once. 他 决定 马上 就 离开 这 个 城市 。

their dream to explore space 的 意思 是 “他 们 探索 太空 的 梦想 ”， 其 中 to explore space 用 作 后 置 定
语 ， 修 饰 their dream。 不 定式 短语 用 作 后 置 定 语 的 情况 在 口语 中 也 很 常见 。 再 如 :

have no time to go there. 我 没有 时 间 去 那儿 。

There is nothing to worry about, 没什么 可 担心 的 。

3 Yuri Gagarin 尤 里. 加 加 林

尤 里 加 加 林 是 苏联 航天 员 。 他 于 1934 年 出 生 ，1960 年 被 选 为 航天 员 。1961 年 4 月 12 日 ， 他 轰
驶 “东方 一 号 ”飞船 完成 人 类 有 史 以 来 首次 太空 飞行 。 他 被 授予 苏联 英雄 称号 ， 曾 获 列宁 勋章 。1968
年 ， 他 因 飞 机 失事 遇难 。 为 纪念 他 ， 他 的 出 生地 被 改名 为 加 加 林 区 ， 国 际 航空 联合 会 设立 了 加 加 林 金 质
奖章 ， 月 球 表面 的 一 座 环形 山 也 以 他 的 姓氏 命名 。

4 That’s one small step for [a] man, one giant leap for mankind. —Neil Armstrong
对 一 个 人 来 说 ， 这 是 一 小 步 ; 对 人 类 来 说 ， 这 是 一 大 步 。 FEAR + 阿姆斯特朗

这 是 1969 年 美国 宇航 员 尼 尔 ， 阿姆斯特朗 登 月 成 功 时 所 说 的 一 句 名 言 ， 充 分 表达 出 这 次 登 月 成 功
是 人 类 太空 探索 的 重要 里 程 碑 。

5 This is because people believe in the importance of carrying on space exploration
despite the huge risks. 这 是 因为 人 们 坚信 太空 探索 的 重要 性 ， 哪 怕 面 临 巨大 的 风险 。

carry on sth/with sth 这 一 短语 的 意思 是 “继续 做 某 事 ”或 “坚持 做 某 事 ”。carry on 也 可 接 动词 -p9
形式 ， 表 示 “ 继 续 做 某 事 ”。 如

Don't stop. Please carry on. 别 停 ， 请 继续 。

She threw the ball back to the boy and then carried on reading her book. 她 把 球 扔 回 给 男孩 ， 然 后
继续 看 她 的 书 。

Can you carry on with your work while | am away? 我 不 在 的 时 候 你 能 继续 干 你 的 活 吗 ?

【 思考 】 你 还 学 过 哪些 表示 “继续 做 某 事 ”的 短语 ? 它们 有 何 异 同 ? 请 举例 说 明 。

6 Then Shenzhou 6 and 7 completed a second manned orbit and the first Chinese
spacewalk, ... 此 后 ， 神 舟 六 号 和 神舟 七 号 分 别 完成 了 第 二 次 载 人 环绕 地 球 飞行 以 及 中 国人 的 第 一 次
AST, he

spacewalk 意 为 太空 行走 ， 又 称 为 出 舱 活 动 ， 指 航天 员 离 开 载 人 航天 器 到 舱 外 进行 的 活动 。1965 年
3 月 18 日 ， 苏 联 航天 员 列 昂 诺 夫 在 “上 升 二 号 ”飞船 上 借助 供 氧 脐 带 进 行 了 24 分钟 的 舱 外 活动 ， 这 是
人 类 第 一 次 太空 行走 。2008 年 9 月 27 日 ， 中 国 “神舟 七 号 ” 载 人 飞船 上 的 航天 员 翟 志 刚 实现 了 中 国航
天 员 首 次 太空 行走 。

95
Appendices “一 一 一 一 一 —

§ Unit 5

1

96

The Million Pound Bank Note (BA)

《 百 万 英镑 》 是 美国 著名 作家 马克 吐 温 的 一 部 短篇 小 说 ， 讲 述 了 一 个 因 帆 船 失 事 而 陷入 困境 的 美
BMAF SF : 亚当 斯 在 伦敦 的 一 次 奇遇 。 伦 敦 的 两 位 富家 兄弟 打赌 ， 把 一 张 百 万 大 钞 借 给 亨利 ， 看 他
在 一 个 月 内 能 否 生存 。 一 个 月 的 期 限 到 了 ， 享 利 不 仅 没有 饿 死 或 被 捕 ， 反 倒 成 了 富翁 ， 并 且 赢 得 了 一 位
漂亮 小 姐 的 芳心 。 小 说 以 略 带 夺 张 的 艺术 手法 和 幽默 的 语言 ， 辛 辣 地 讽刺 了 20 世 纪 初 英国 社会 的 拜金
主义 思想 。

马克 : 吐 温 ( Mark Twain，1835 一 1910 ) 的 真实 姓名 是 塞 缀 尔 : 兰 霍 恩 . 克 莱 门 斯 ( Samuel
Langhorne Clemens )。 “马克 : 吐 温 ”这 个 笔名 原 是 密西西比 河水 手 在 航道 上 测量 水 的 深度 时 所 用 的 术
语 。 马 克 吐 温 一 生 写 了 大 量 作品 ， 其 代表 作 有 《 百 万 英镑 》《 哈 克 贝 利 费 恩 历险 记 》《 汤姆 RUA
险 记 》 等 。

Money is a good servant and a bad master. 金钱 是 善 仆 ， 也 是 恶 主 。

过

这 是 英国 哲学 家 弗朗西斯 培根 ( Francis Bacon) 的 一 句 名 言 ， 它 形象 地 阐明 了 金钱 在 人 们 生活
的 作用 ， 提 醒 人 们 要 做 金钱 的 主人 而 不 是 奴隶 。

And it was the ship that brought you to England. 是 那 条 船 把 你 带 到 了 英国 。

这 是 一 个 强调 句 ， 被 强调 的 部 分 是 the ship。 在 英语 中 ， 我 们 常用 “It is/was + 被 强调 部 分 ( 通常
是 主语 、 宾 语 或 状语 )+ that/who/whom + 其 他 ”的 结构 突出 强调 句子 的 某 一 成 分 。 在 这 个 句 型 中 ， it
用 来 引出 被 强调 的 成 分 ， 没 有 实际 意义 。 如 果 被 强调 的 部 分 是 人 ， 可 以 用 who、whom 或 that 来 连接 。
如 果 被 强调 的 是 事物 ， 则 一 律 用 that 来 连接 ， 并 且 that 不 能 省 略 。 如 ，;

It was his devotion and contribution that motivated me greatly. 是 他 的 付出 和 贡献 极 大 地 激励 了 我 。

It is our parents and teachers that/whom we should be most grateful to. 我 们 最 该 感恩 的 是 我 们 的
父母 和 老师 。

It was from my chemistry teacher that | learnt how to watch carefully when doing experiments. 从 我
的 化 学 老师 那里 ， 我 学 到 了 如 何在 做 实验 的 过 程 中 仔细 观察 。

| was about to go get the letter. 我 正 想 去 拿 信 。

be about to 表示 即将 发 生 的 动作 ， 在 时 间 上 指 最 近 的 将 来 ， 意 思 是 “即将 、 正 要 做 某 事 ”。 如 :

Can | call you back later? We're about to have dinner. 我 晚点 再 给 你 回电 话 好 吗 ? 我 们 马上 要 吃 晚
饭 了 。

在 课文 中 ，Oliver 正 想 把 信 交 给 Henry， 但 是 Roderick 先 他 一 步 提 到 了 信 ， 所 以 Oliver 说 “| was
about to go get the letter” 这 里 用 了 was 而 不 是 is， 表 示 刚 才 他 就 打算 这 么 做 了 ， 指 的 是 过 去 的 将 来 。
下 面 的 例句 也 是 用 was about to 表示 过 去 的 将 来 ;

| was just about to ask you the same thing. 我 刚才 正 要 问 你 同一 件 事情 。

We were just about to leave when Jerry arrived. 我 们 正 要 离开 的 时 候 ， 杰 里 来 了 。

【 思考 】 你 知道 还 有 哪 几 种 方式 可 以 表示 过 去 将 来 时 态 吗 ? 在 本 单元 中 找 一 找 !

| remember thinking that never would 1 hold such a note as this ... 记得 当时 我 以 为 我
( $B) 永远 不 会 握 着 这 样 一 张 钞票 ……

这 句 话 中 包含 一 个 宾语 从 名 that never would | hold such a note as this， 该 从 句 是 一 个 倒 装 句 ， 正
常 的 语序 为 | would never hold such a note as this.

倒 装 是 一 种 语法 手段 ， 特定 的 句子 结构 或 强调 某 一 句子 成 分 。 英 语 的 基本 结构 是 主 、 谓 结构 ，
倒 装 就 是 将 这 种 比较 固定 的 词 序 加 以 颠倒 。 和 否定 词 或 词组 放 在 句 首 时 常用 倒 装 。 如 :

He was not wrapped in grief. Nor did he let the disease stop him from living the kind of life he had

always dreamt about. 他 没有 沉浸 在 悲伤 中 ， 疾 病 也 没 能 阻止 他 追求 梦想 的 生活 。

Down came the rain and up went the umbrellas. 下 雨 了 ， 伞 都 撑 起 来 了 。
By the window sat a young lady with a magazine in her hand. 窗 边 坐 着 一 位 年 轻 女士 ， 手 里 拿 着
本 杂志 。

6 Go get the others, Todd! 特 德 ， 快 去 取 别 的 衣服 过 来 !

这 句 话 相当 于 “Go to get the others, Toddl” 或 者 “Go and get the others, Toddl” 口 语 中 经 常会 有
这 种 非 正式 的 用 法 。

戏剧 为 对 话 体 ， 所 以 剧本 中 使 用 了 较 多 具有 口语 特征 的 结构 。 英 语 的 语 体 类 型 通常 包括 书面 形式
( written form ) 和 口语 形式 (spoken form )。 书 面 表达 较为 正式 ， 句 子 结构 完整 ， 而 口语 表达 较 随意 ，
且 多 用 省 略 句 ， 语 句 简短 ， 如 : See him there. Your address, sir? Ready-made suits? Downstairs. This
way, please.

【 思考 】 你 还 能 在 课文 中 找到 其 他 类 似 的 句子 吗 ?

7 1dare not buy all these things. 我 不 敢 买 这 么 多 东西 。

dare 既 可 用 作 情 态 动词 ， 又 可 用 作 实 义 动词 。 用 作 情 态 动词 时 ，dare 只 有 一 种 形式 ， 即 后 接 动词 原
形 ， 且 主要 用 于 否定 句 和 疑问 句 。 如 ，
We'd dare not give you money. 我 们 不 敢 把 钱 给 你 。
I'm so afraid that | dare not move. 我 吓 得 一 动 也 不 敢 动 。
How dare you speak to me like that? 你 怎么 敢 这 么 和 我 说 话 ?
作 实 义 动 词 时 ，dare 有 动词 的 全 部 形式 ， 可 用 于 各 种 句 式 。 如 :
fter receiving training for some time, she dared to sing in front of her class. 接受 了 一 段 时 间 的 训练
也 敢 在 全 班 同学 面前 唱歌 了 。
didn’t dare to tell her the truth. 我 不 敢 告诉 她 真相 。
le won't dare to break his promise. 他 不 敢 违背 自己 的 诺言 。

全 xn

可
yee

工

8 play 戏剧

play 即 “剧本 ;戏剧 " ， 是 写 出 来 让 演员 在 舞台 上 表演 的 故事 ， 并 且 通常 有 舞台 说 明 来 描绘 人 物 的
外 表 和 行为 。 剧 本 主要 由 剧 中 人 物 的 对 话 、 独 白 、 旁 白 和 和 舞台 指示 等 组 成 。 戏 剧 基 本 要 素 的 英文 表达 如
下 :

title of play 剧 名

scene 场

characters 人 物 ( 一 般 可 分 为 主角 和 配角 )

lines of dialogue 台词 ( 剧本 的 主要 构成 元 素 )

narration $8; 解说

stage directions 舞台 指示 ( 剧本 中 关于 演员 上 下 场 、 表 演 动作 等 的 说 明 )

【 思考 】 对 于 一 场 成 功 的 演出 ， 有 了 剧本 还 要 做 哪些 准备 ? 如 何 进行 排练 ?

97
98

Appendices

Grammar 语法

| The -ing Form 动词 -ng 形式 (1) (2)

动词 -ng 形式 由 “动词 原形 + -ng” 构 成 。 动 词 -ng 形式 可 在 句 中 作 主 语 、 宾 语 、 表 语 、 定 语 、 宾 语
补足 语 和 状语 ， 但 不 能 单独 作 谓语 。

成 分
=
表 6B
宾 补
状语

用 法

如 果 是 单个 的 动词 -pg 形
式 作 定 语 ， 常 放 在 被 修饰
词 前 作 前 置 定语 ; 如 果 是
动词 -ng 形式 短语 作 定 语 ，
则 常 放 在 被 修饰 词 后 作 后

置 定语 。

一 种 表示 主语 的 性 质 、 特
Tees ， 其 作用 相当 于
形容 词 ; 另 一 种 具体 说 明
主语 的 内 容 ， 即 主语 等 同
于 表 语 ， 两 者 可 互 换 。

置 于 某 些 及 物 动词 和 宾语
之 后 ， 补 充 说 明 宾语 的 动
作 或 状态 。 在 这 种 情况 下 ，
及 物 动词 通常 是 表示 感觉
和 心理 状态 的 动词 或 使 役
动词 。

可 以 表示 时 间 、 条 件 、 原 因 、
让 步 、 结 果 、 方 式 或 伴随
状况 ， 其 作用 相当 于 状语
从 句 。 此 外 ， 动 词 -pg 形

式 的 逻辑 主语 应 与 句 中 主
语 一 致

Il Infinitives 动词 不 定式 (1)

me

阶段 大 家 已 经 学 习 了 动词 不 定式 作 宾 语 、

语 的 用 法 如 下 页 表格 所 示 :

例 名

It was great fun walking along the streets, enjoying the
relaxing atmosphere!

| just can’t take my eyes off the shining lights on the
Christmas trees everywhere.

Families celebrating the Lunar New Year can enjoy
exciting dragon dances and carnivals together.

You look amazing tonight.
Seeing is believing.

The most important thing is getting there in time.

Along the way, we saw many people playing music,
singing, and dancing.

She heard someone knocking at the door.

You have kept me waiting the whole morning.

Having dressed up nicely, we went out to have some

good local food and enjoy the celebrations.

Thinking of all the people still in need of help,
Dr Lin opened a private clinic.

She sat at the desk reading a newspaper.

宾语 补足 语 和 目的 状语 的 用 法 。 动 词 不 定式 作 定 语
= SS ——— a oo Grammar 一 一

Scientists were determined to help humans realise their
dream to explore space.

On 12 April 1961, Yuri Gagarin became the first person in
the world to go into space.

定 = 一般 置 于 被 修饰 词
之 后 用 作 后 置 定语 。 Sending people to other planets or even beyond the solar

system is not an easy goal to achieve.
Jessie got a new toy to play with.
She has no friend to depend on.
Scientists work hard to find out the secrets of the universe.
As we all know, an astronaut needs to be healthy and calm in
order to work in space.

x 可 以 表示 目的 、 结 ”You must be intelligent enough to get a related college

A

果 或 原因 等 。 degree.

bm afraid the whole process is too complicated to explain in a
few words.

We were surprised to find that he had already left.

Ill Modal Verbs 情态 动词

情态 动词 表示 说 话 人 对 某 一 动作 或 状态 的 态度 。 初 中 阶段 大 家 已 经 学 习 了 一 些 情态 动词 ， 这
里 将 对 情态 动词 的 特征 、 功 能 和 用 法 进行 总 结 。

1 情态 动词 的 基本 特征
(1) 在 形式 上 ， 情 态 动词 没有 实 义 动词 的 各 种 变化 ， 只 有 could, would, had to, might 等 几 个 过 去 式 ，
其 他 情态 动词 如 must. ought to 等 的 过 去 式 皆 与 现在 式 同 形 。
(2) 在 意义 上 ， 大 多 数 情态 动词 有 多 个 意义 ， 如 can 可 以 表达 “能 力 ”“ 可 能 ” "许可 ”等 。
(3) 在 用 法 上 ， 情 态 动词 与 助动词 一 样 ， 须 后 接 动词 原形 ， 构 成 谓语 动词 。

2 情态 动词 的 否定 式 及 缩 略 形式

情态 动词 否定 式 缩 略 形式 情态 动词 否定 式 缩 略 形式
can cannot/can not can't shall shall not shant
could could not couldn't should should not shouldn't
may may not / will will not won't
might might not mightn’t would would not wouldn't
must must not mustn't need need not needn't
dare dare not daren’t ought to ought not to —_ oughtn’t to

oF

——— Appendices —<—==

100

3 情态 动词 的 主要 表意 功能

表示 可 能 和 推测

表示 许可 或 禁止

表示 发 出 指示 或 提出 请

表示 提出 帮助 或 发 出 邀请

表示 提出 建议

表示 愿望

表示 义务 和 需要

例 6

The little boy can read and write.
| could feel the ground shaking.

Those of you who are familiar with the game will know this.
They made a bet which would settle their argument.

Oh, you must be Sylvia’s husband.

It may seem lucky to you but not to me!

That might not be true.

There ought to be enough space for all of us.

You can go off duty now.

You can’t open it until two o’clock.

You may not smoke in here.

You shouldn’t take her help for granted.
You mustn’t do that.

Will you please take her to the library?

Could you offer me work here?

Can | ask a question?

May we ask what you’re doing in this country?

Will you stay for lunch?

Wouldn’t you like to come with me?
May | help you?

Shall | put it in a box?

You could ask the teacher for help.
You should write him a letter.
You’d better serve him quick and get him out quick.

The cookies Susan made are delicious. You ought to try some.

Would you recommend the play to other people?
| would like to know the date.

ld love to go to your birthday party.

I'd rather not pay you now.

You must come at once.
We have to wear uniforms at school.
| ought to be on my way.

Grammar “一 一

IV Tenses 时 态 (2)

过 去 将 来 时 (The Past Future Tense)

过 去 将 来 时 表示 在 过 去 某 一 时 间 将 要 发 生 的 动作 或 存在 的 状态 。 过 去 将 来 时 常用 在 主 句 谓语 动词 为 过 去

时 态 的 宾语 从 句 中 。 过 去 将 来 时 句子 中 有 时 包含 时 间 状 语 the next day、soon 等 。 如 :

They said the letter inside would explain what it was all about. 他 们 说 里 面 的 信 会 解释 所 有 的 事情 。

The director said he would meet the famous actor the next day. 导演 说 他 会 在 第 二 天 与 那个 著名 男 演 员
见面 。

过 去 将 来 时 的 基本 结构 是 “would + 动词 原形 ”， 和 否定 式 是 在 would 后 面 加 not. MM:

Jeff knew he would be tired the next day. 杰 夫 知道 他 第 二 天 会 很 紧 。

He promised that he would not open the letter until 2 o'clock. 他 许诺 两 点 钟 之 前 不 会 打开 信 。

除了 上 述 结 构 ，be going to, be about to 等 结构 也 用 在 过 去 将 来 时 中 ， 如 :

They were going to find someone to take part in their bet when they saw Henry walking on the street
outside. 他 们 正 准 备 找 一 个 人 来 参与 他 们 的 赌局 ， 这 时 ， 他 们 看 到 享 利 走 在 外 面 的 大 街 上 。

Mrs Thomson was about to sit down to watch the opera when her phone rang. 汤姆 森 夫 人 刚 要 坐 下 看
剧 的 时 候 ， 她 的 电话 响 了 。

V Ellipsis 4%

在 英语 中 ， 为 了 使 语言 简洁 或 避免 重复 ， 常 常 省 略 句 中 的 一 个 或 几 个 成 分 ， 这 种 语法 现象 称 为 省 略 。
被 省 略 的 部 分 例 名

(l) Beg your pardon.
主语 (You) Sit down, please.
(It) Sounds like a good idea.

ark Ew (Is there) Anything | can do for you?
Babs ys]
谓语 或 谓语 的 一 部 分 (ls) Anybody here?

A: Where has Mr Smith gone?

B: Sorry, | don’t know (where he has gone).

(Are you) Hungry?
(| want) Orange juice, please.
(Do you) Understand?

主语 和 谓语 ， 或 主语 和 谓
语 的 一 部 分

A: Would you like to come to the party?
不 定式 to 后 省 略 动词 B: I'd love to (come to the party).
You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to (tell me).

101
Appendices = — ‘ a _ ee

Words and Expressions in Each Unit
各 单元 生词 和 习惯 用 语

注 : 黑体 部 分 为 课 标 词 和 短语 ; 白 体 部 分 为 非 课 标 词 ; 专 有 名 词 在 每 单元 词 表 后 面 单独 列 出 。

Unit 1 grateful /grertfy adj. 感激 的 ; 表示 感谢 的
feature /‘fistfo(r)/ vt. 以 …… 为 特色
lantern /lanten/ .灯笼 ; 提 灯 n.f$@; BE: FA
carnival /ka:mrvl 狂欢 节 ; 嘉年华 decorate /‘dekoreit/ vt. 装饰 ; 装潢
costume /‘kostju:m/ church /tfs:t{/n. (S348) 教堂 ; 礼拜 党
人 【 菜 地 或 某 历史 时 期 的 ) 服装 ; 戏 装 significant /sig'nifikent/ adj. 有 重大 意义 的 ; 显著 的
dress [sb] up 穿 上 盛装 ;装扮 fade /feid/ vi. & vt. 逐渐 消失 ;， (使 ) HE;
march /ma:t{/ vi. & n. it; AE; RBS ( 身体 ) 变 得 虚弱
congratulation /kon,graetfu'lerfn/n. 祝贺 ; RE fade away 逐渐 消失 ; (Stk) ReMB
congratulate /kon'gretfuleit/ typical /tprkl/ adj. 典型 的 ， 有 代表 性 的 平常 的

CRA) GR: (EE) 为 自己 感到 自豪 firecracker /farekrake(r)/ $818; M4
riddle /rrdl/ 7. 谜语 ; 神秘 事件 eviLyisvly adj. HEN; BEN: BEM
ceremony /'seromoni/ n. 典礼 ; 仪式 nF; 3
samba /'sembo/n. ES; SER
make-up 7. kmh; 性 格 ; 构成 方式
after all 毕竟 ; 别 忘 了
range /reind3/ n. 一 系列 ; 范围、 界限

vi. 包括 ; ( 在 一 定 范围 内 ) 变化
range from... to ... 包括 从 …… 到 …… 之 间
origin /prrd5m/7. 起 源 ; HA; 出 身
religion /ri'lidgon/n. 宗教 ;宗教 信仰
religious /r1'lid3as/ adj. RBH; 笃信 宗教 的
figure /‘figa(r)/n. AM; BF; 身材

EM. 7
Fron} 708

in spite /spart/ of 不 管 ; 尽管
commercial /ka'ms:f1/
adj. (40) 的 ; 以 获 利 为 目的 的
commercialise (NAmE also -ize)
/ko'ma:falaiz/ vt. 使 商业 化 ; 利用 …… Fi
commercialisation (NAmE also -ization)
/ka,ma:folar'zerfn/ n. 商业 化
take advantage of 利用 ; #38; 占 …… 的 便宜
medium /'mi:diom/

vith; UR n. (pl. media /‘mi:dio/) 媒介 ; FR; 方法
charm /tfa:m/n. 魅力 ;迷人 的 特征 ; 咒语 adj. 中 等 的 ! 中 号 的
joy /dgor/ n. BX; 喜悦 the media 大 众 传播 媒介
joyful /dgorfl / ad. 高兴 的 ; 快乐 的 reflect /ri'flekt/ vw. 显示 ;反映 ; 反射
gratitude /graetrtju:d/ m. 感激 之 情 ; 感谢 belief /bi'li:fi 信仰 ;信心 ! 信任
harvest /‘ha:vist/ faith /fe10/n. 宗教 信仰 ; 信任 ; 相信
n BRED; 收获 ; 收成 occasion /akeI5n/
vi. & vt. WS (庄稼 ) ; 捕猎 (动物 、 鱼 ) 六 特别 的 事情 ( 或 仪式 、 庆 典 ) ; ( 适当 的 ) 机 会
agricultural /egrt'kaltforal/ have sth in common
adj. RN ( 劳动 /生产 ) ( 兴趣 、 想 法 等 方面 ) 相同 ， 有 相同 的 特征
agriculture /egrikaltfa(r)/n. Rik; 农艺 atmosphere /atmasfie(r)/
crop /krop/n. 庄稼 ;作物 ; 一 季 的 收成 n. 气氛 ; 氛围 ; ( 地 球 的 ) 大 气 ( 层 )
gather /gz5s(r)/ vi. BE; #A lunar /‘lu:no(r)/ adj. 阴历 的 ; ABA; 月 亮 的
vt. 聚集 ; 搜集 ; 收割 eve /iwv/n. 前 夕 ; 前 一 天

102
envelope /‘envoloup/ n. 信封 ; 塑料 封套
Christmas carol /‘kerol/ 圣诞 颂歌
merry /‘meri/ adj. 愉快 的 ; 高 兴 的
Merry Christmas! 圣诞 快乐 !
pumpkin /‘pampkin/ n.
pudding /‘pudin/n. 77; ( 餐 末 的 ) 甜食
mashed /maeft potatoes 土豆 泥
roast /reust/ adj. 烤 的 ; 焙 的
vi. & vt. GEE; 焙
turkey /‘ts:ki/n. 火 鸡 ; 火 鸡肉
roast turkey 烤 火 鸡肉
pleased /pli:zd/ adj. 高 兴 的 ; 满意 的
firework /'farowa:k/ n. 烟火 ; 烟花 ; [pl.] 烟花 表演
frank /frenk/ adj. 坦率 的 ; 直率 的
to be frank 坦白 说 ;坦率 地 说
go off 爆炸 ; 走火 ; 离开
except for 除 …… 之 多
inner /ma(r)/ adj. 内 部 的 ; 里 面 的 ;内 心 的
autonomous /axtpnamasas/ adj. 自治 的 ， 有 自治 权 的
region /ri:dzon/n. 地 区 ;区域 ;地带
represent /repri'zent/ vt. 象征 ; 代表 ; 相当 本
wrestling /reslm/ n. 摔跤 运动
wrestle /resl/ vi. & vt. 摔跤 BANA
wrestler /'resla(r)/ n. 摔跤 运动 员
archery /‘a:tfori/n. HAR; 射箭 运动
set off 出 发 ; 动身 ;启程
fancy /faensi/ adj. 花哨 的 ; 精致 的 ; 昂贵 的
vt. 想 要 ; GR; BAAS
robe /raub/z. 袍 服 ; 礼 袍
eagle /‘i:gl/ 7. BE
grace /greis/n. 优美 ; 优雅 ; 高 牙
absolutely /abselu'tli/ adv. 绝对 地 ;完全 地
moment /‘moumont/ n. #2; 瞬间
tent /tent/ n. KE
pot /pot/n. te; a2; 锅
brief /bri:f/ adj. 简洁 的 ;简单 的 ;短暂 的
branch /bra:ntf/ n. HE; DR; 支流
wedding /‘wedin/ n. 婚礼 ;结婚 庆
clap /klep/ vt. RE; 拍手 ; 击 党
nS; 拍手 ; SA
respect /ris'pekt/n.& vt. BX; 尊重

horrible /hprsbl/
adj. SABIRH; 7H; 极 坏 的

Coming-of-Age Day 成 人 节
Rio /ri'eu/ ( 全 称 Rio de Janeiro /ri'au do
d5smiereu/ ) 里 约 热 内 卢 ( 巴西 城市 )

Words and Expressions in Each Unit

Carla /‘kailo/ 卡拉
Halloween /helov'i:n/n. 万 圣 节 前 夕
Thanksgiving /6anks'grvm/ (Day) 感恩 节
La Tomatina /la: touma:'tna:/ 番茄 大 战
Bufiol /bu:'nl/ 布 尼 奥 尔 ( 西班牙 小 镇 )
the Naadam /'na:dom/ Festival “ 那 达 莫 ” 大 会
Inner Mongolia /mpn'gaulia/ Autonomous
Region 内 蒙古 自治 区
Mongolian /mpn gaulisn/
adj. 蒙古 人 的 ; RAW; 蒙古 语 的
n. RAB, 蒙古 人

由 Unit 2

moral /moprsl/ adj. 道德 的 ; 道义 上 的
nmi; 道德 ; 寓意
Virtue /vaitfuy 7. 高 尚 的 道德 ; 美德 ; 优秀 品质
dilemma /di'lemo/ n. 进退 两 难 的 境地 ; 困境
moral dilemma 道德 困境
faint /fermt/ vi. 昏倒 ; BR
adj. 不 清楚 的 ; 微弱 的
illustrate /'1lastrert/
ve. ( 举例 ) 说 明 ; 阐明 ; 给 ( 书 或 文章 ) 加 插
precious /'prefos/ adj. 珍稀 的 ; 宝贵 的
entrust /in'trast/ vt. BIE; 交付
carry sb through sth 帮助 某 人 渡 过 难关
marriage /‘merid3/ n. 结婚 ; 婚姻
majority /ma'dgproti/ n. AMD; 大 多 数
complain /kom'plem/ vi. & vt. 抱怨 ; RE
tuition /tju'i{n/n. (小 组 ) 教学 ; 讲课
fee /fi:/ n. 专业 服务 费 ; 报酬
tuition fees 学 费
respond /ris'pond/ wv. 回答 ; 回复
vi. 做 出 反应 ; 回应
response /ri'spons/n. kW; 回答 ; 回复
union /‘junion/n. ae; KAS; 工会
scholarship /'skolofip/n. 奖学金
hire /haro(r)/ ve. 聘任; 雇用; 租
n. 租借 ; 租
physician /frzrfn/ 7 医师; ( 尤 指 ) 内 科 医 生
resident physician 住院 医师
colleague /'koli:g/n. IS; Fit
reject /ri'dgekt/ vt. 拒绝 接受 ; 不 录
rejection /ri'dgek{n/ n. 拒绝 接受 ; 否决
appoint /a'point/ we. 任命 ; 委派
clinic /‘klintk/ n. AR; 门诊 部

到

103

一 一 Appendices = => ==

faraway /'fa:rower/ adj. 遥远 的 pregnant /'pregnont/ adj. 怀孕 的 ;妊娠 的
elect /lekt/ vt. 选举 ; 推选 disguise /drs'garz/ vt. 装扮; 假扮; 掩盖

election /r'lek{n/n. 选举 ; 推选 ;当选 n. 伪装 ; 化 装 用 具
decade /dekerd/ 7 十 年 ; 十 年 期 maple /merpl/ n. AY; tH
elsewhere /,els'wea(r)/ adv. 在 别处 ; 去 别处 cart /ka:t/n. $##; 运 货 马车
tend /tend/ vt. 照顾 ;照料 vi. 倾向 ; 趋 于 Spill/sp/ vt. & vi. ( spilt/spilled, spilt/spilled )

tend to do sth AFWKRE; 往往 会 发 生 某 事 (使 ) 洒 出 ; (使 ) 溢出
publish /‘pablif/ we. 发 表 ( 作品 ) ; 出 版 trip over 被 …… 绊 倒
staff /sta:f/n. AL; 全 体 职员 limp /impy/ vi. 8877; 一 桨 一 拐 地 走
retire /rr'tara(r)/ vi. & vt. BK; 退职; 退出 tear /tra(r)/n. 眼泪 ; 泪水
saving /servIm/ 节省 物 ; 节省 ; 节约 ; in tears 2/8; 含 着 泪

[pl.] Be; harm /ha:m/n. & vt. 伤害 ; 损害

kindergarten /‘kindoga:tn/ .学 前 班 ; 幼儿 园 despair /di'spea(r)/ n. 绝望
principle /prmsspl/ n. 道德 原则 ;法则 ;原则 vi. 绝望 ; 感到 无 户
passive /'pesiv/ adj. 被 动 的 ; 顺从 的 in despair 处 于 绝望 中
scared /skeod/ adj. 害怕 的 ;对 …… 感 到 惊慌 或 恐惧 的 might /mart/n. 力量 ;威力

scare /skea(r)/ vt. 惊吓 ; 使 害怕 a great deal (of) 大 量

vi. 受惊 吓 fable /‘ferbl/n. 82; 寓言 故事
sharp /Sa:p/ adj. ( 增长 、 下 跌 等 ) 急剧 的 ; 锋利 的 ; court /ko:t/n. ( 网 球 等 的 ) 球场 ; 法 院 ; 法 庭
明显 的 flexible /'fleksobl/ adj. 灵活 的 ;可 变通 的

insurance /in'fuorans/ n. 保险 ; 保险 业 income /‘inkam/n. KA; 收益
energetic /eno'dgetik/ adj. 精力 充沛 的 ; 充满 活力 的 per /pa(r); pa(r):/ prep. B; 每 一
replace /rplers/ vr. 接替 ;取代 ;更换 therefore /‘Seofo:(r)/ adv. 因此 ; 所 以
accident /‘eksidont/n. Sk; FR; 失事 tension /‘tenfn/n. 紧张 关系 ; 紧张 ;焦虑
operation /vps'reifn/n. 手术; 企业 ; 经 营
whisper /wrspa(r)/ Peking Union Medical College

vi. & vt. HP; 耳语 ; 低语 北京 协和 医学 院

n. Big (); 低语 ( 声 ) ;传言 ; 谣传 the Wenhai Scholarship “文海 ”奖学金
midnight /mardnart/ 靖子 夜 ; 午夜 the OB-GYN department (全 称 Department of
import /impo:t/n. 进口; 进口 商品 Obstetrics and Gynecology ) 妇 产 科

/Im poxt/ vt. EO; Ay 引进 the People’s Republic of China 中 华人 民 共 和 国
export /‘ekspo:t/n. WO; 出 口 商品 the National People’s Congress /'kongres/
/tk'spoxt/ vt. HO; 输出 ;传播 全 国人 民 代 表 大 会

pole /poul/ n. ( 行星 的 ) 极 ; HAR the North/South Pole 北极 /南极

lap /lep/n. (SBA) 大 腿 部 ; ( 跑道 等 的 ) 一 圈 Henry Norman Bethune /henri 'no:mon ba'@ju:n/
bite /bart/ vt. & vi. ( bit /bit/, bitten /'brtn/) B; AT; & 享 利 B+ 白求恩
nF; (EEA) 一 口 ; 咬 伤

lip /lip/ 1. 嘴唇 | Unit 3

assist /o'sist/ ve. 帮助 ; 援助

first aid 急救 diverse /dat'vs:s/ adj. 不 同 的 ; 多 种 多 样 的

pass away 去 世 diversity /dar'va:soti/

chairman /'tfeamon/n. 主席 ; 主持 人 ;董事 长 n. 差异 (性 ) ; 不 同 ( 点 ) ; 多 样 性

memory /memaeri/ 7. 记忆力 ; 回忆 fortune /'fo:tfun; NAmE 'fo:rtfon/n. MS; BA
in memory of 作为 对 …… 的 纪念 fortune cookie 幸运 曲 奇

chain /tfermny/ 7 一连串 (ARE) ;链子 ;链条 gumbo /'gambau/

café /‘kefer; NAmE ke'fer/ n. IEEE; 小 餐馆 1. REA ( RRR AAR ARSED )

waitress /'weitras/n. ( 餐馆 的 ) <HRSR; 女 侍 者 nachos /maetfsuz/ n. [pl.] 墨西哥 玉米 片

104
chip /t§1p/
n. ( 英 ) 炸 土豆 条 ; ( 美 ) BR; GA; 碎片
cheese /tfi:z/n. FAS; Ds
Spicy /'sparsi/ adj. 加 有 香料 的 ; 辛辣 的
ethnic /‘e@nrk/
adj. 具有 民族 特色 的 ; F
admit /od'mit/ vi. & vt. 承认
vt. 准许 进入 ( 或 加 入 )
definitely /‘definotli/ adv. BE; 确实
occur /o'ksi(r)/ vi. RE; WH
downtown /,daun'taun/ adv. 在 市 中 心 ; 往 市 中 心
mission /mxrfn/ 7 传教 (区 ) ; 重要 任务 ;使 合
district /drstrrkt/ n. +R; 区域
graffiti /gra'fisti/ n. [pl.] #8; 胡 写 乱 画
comic komik/ n. 连环 画 杂 志 ; 漫画 杂志 ; 喜剧 演员
adj. 滑稽 的 ; 使 人 发 笑 的
afterwards /‘a:ftowadz/
( NAmE usually afterward ) adv. 以 后 ; 后 来
head to ( 朝 …… ) 前 进 ; (fae ) 去
historical /hr'stor1kl/ adj. ( 有 关 ) 历史 的
seek /sitk/ vt. & vi. (sought /so:t/, sought)
寻找 ; 寻求 ; 争取 ; ( 向 人 ) 请 求
seek one’s fortune 寻找 成 功 致富 之 路 ; Be
earn /s:n/ vt. & vi. 挣 得 ; 赚 得 ; 赢得 ; 博得
earn a living 谋生
immigrant /‘1migront/ n. ( 外 来 ) 移民 ; IMF
select /STlekt/ vr. 选择 ;挑选 ;选拔
china /'tfamo/n.#; #
jazz /d3ez/n. BK
bar /bax(r)/ n. BSB; 小 吃 店 ; 小 馆子
diagram /‘datogrem/n. 简 图 ; 图 解 ; 图 表 ;， 示意 图
journal /dssinl/ 半日 志 ; 日 记 ; 报纸 ; 刊物
claim /klemy/ vt. & n. 夺取 ( 生命 ) ; 宣称 ; 断言
series /'stori:z/n. 一 系列 ; 连续 ; 接连
series of 一 系列 或 一 连 串 ( 事件 )
apart from ( especially NAmE aside from )
BRT oe 外 (还 ) ; 此 外
minority /mar'noroti/ n. 少数 民族 ; DOR; 少数 人
escape /i'skerp/ vi. & vt. 逃走 ; 逃脱 ; 避 开
n. 逃跑; 逃脱 ;解脱
bring about 导致 ;引起
Atlantic /ot'lentik/ adj. 大 西洋 的
financial /farnaenfl adj. 财政 的 ; 财务 的 ; 金融 的
poetry /‘povotri/ n. is 诗歌 ; 诗作
jeans /d3imz/ n. +4F#
boot /bu:t/n. HF
mushroom /mAfrum/ n. 蘑菇 ; #

风味 的 ;

族 的 ;种 族 的

Words and Expressions in Each Unit

poisonous /porzenas/
adj. 引起 中 毒 的 ;有 毒 的 ; 分 泌 毒 素 的
poison /porzn/ 毒物; 毒药; 毒素
vt 毒 死 ; 毒害
fold /fould/ vt. 包 ; 3s HB
vi & vi. (可 ) Hh; (可 ) BF
super /'su:pa(r); BrE also 'sju:pa(r)/
adv. 特别 ; 格外
adj. REN; 超级 的
collection /ko'lek{n/n. 作品 集 ; 收集 物 ; 收藏 品
accessory /sk'sesari/ n. 配饰 ; 附件 ; 配件
souvenir /su:va'nia(r)/ n. 纪念 物 ; 纪念 品
percentage /po'sentid3/n. 百分率 ; 百分比
climate /klarmaet/ .气候
mild /marld/ adj. 温和 的 ; 和善 的 ; 轻微 的
settle /setl vt. & vi. 定居 ; 结束 ( 争论 ) ; 解决 ( 纠纷 )
construction /kan'strakfn/
n.@R; 建造 ， 建 造物 ; ( 句子 、 短 语 等 的 ) 结构
material /mo'trorial/n. 材料 ; 布料; 素材
adj. 物质 的 ; 实际 的
to name but a few 仅 举 几 例
tai chi /tar tfiy (also t’ai chi) n. ARS
clothing /‘kloudm/ n. 衣服 ; 服装
herbal /hs:bl/ adj. 药草 的 ; 香草 的
suit /sju:t; NAmE also su:t/
VA; 满足 …… 需 要 ; 相配 ; 合
n. 西服 ; 套装
(at) first hand 第 一 手 ; 亲
item /‘attom/n. 项 目 ; 一 件 商 品 ( 或 物品 ); 一 条 ( 新 闻 )
contain /kon'tein/ vw. 包含 ; 含有 ; 容纳
Neat /ni:t/ adj. 极 好 的 ;整洁 的 ; 整齐 的

San Francisco /,senfron'siskou/

圣 弗 朗 西 斯 科 ( 旧金山 ) ( 美国 城市 )
Napa Valley /,nzpo 'veeli/ 纳 帕 谷 ( 美国 )
the Golden /gsuldan/ Gate Bridge 金门 桥
the Mission District 教会 区 ( 旧金山 )
Mexico /'meksikou/ 墨西哥 ( 北美 洲 国家 )
California /kaelrfonis/ 加 利 福 尼 亚 ( 美国 州 名 )
Cantonese /kantemi:z/ adj. 广东 的 ; 粤语 的

n. @iB; 广东 人
the Richmond /rrtfmend/ District
满 区 ( ASW )
Huangguoshu Waterfall /wo'tefol/ 黄果树 瀑布
Journey to the Jesl《 西 游记》
Tin How Temple 天 后 古 庙
Bank of Canton /‘kenton/ 广东 银行

105
Appendices . : =

106

Portsmouth /'po:tsma0/ Square
花园 角 广场 ( 旧金山 )

Robert Louis Stevenson /robot 'lu:i 'sti:vanson/
罗伯特 ， 路 易 斯 斯 蒂 文 森 ( 英国 作家 )

Unit 4

astronaut /‘estronoi:t/n. 宇航 员 ; 太空 人
procedure /pro'si:d3a(r)/ n. 2; 步骤; 手续
mental /‘mentl/ adj. 精神 的 ;思想 的
cm abbr. (centimetre /sentmi'te(r)/ or
centimeter) BX
intelligent /in'telidzont/
adj. 有 智慧 的 ; 聪明 的 ; 有 智力 的
rocket /‘rokit/n. 火箭; 火箭 弹
gravity /'grevoti/n. BA; 引力
frontier /‘frantio(r)/ n. wie; 国界 ;边远 地
vehicle /'virokl/n. 交通 工具 ; 车 辆
universe /‘ju:nivs:s/n. =H; 天 地 万 物
determined /di'ts:mind/
adj. 有 决心 的 ; 意志 坚定 的
determine /di'ts:min/ vt. 查 明 ; 确定 ; 决定
satellite /‘setolart/n. 人 造 卫星 ; 卫星
launch /lomnt{/ vw. & n. 发射; 发起， 上 市
orbit /'o:bit/
n. ( 环绕 地 球 、 太 阳 等 运行 的 ) 轨道 ; 势力 范
vt. & vi. 沿 轨道 运行 ;环绕 …… 运 行
giant /dsarsnt/ adj. BAM; 伟大 的
n. BA; BS; 伟人
leap /lip/n. BR; 剧 增 ; 剧变
(leapt, leapt /lept/ or leaped, leaped)
vi. & vt. Beit; 跃 过
mankind /men'kaind/n. 人 类
agency /‘e1d3onsi/
n. ( 政府 的 ) 专门 机 构 ; 服务 机 构 ; 代理 处
transmit /trens'mit/ vt. & vi. Hi; 发送
data /‘deito/n. [pl.] 资料 ;数据
disappointed /,disa'pomntid/ adj. 失望 的 ; SBA
desire /di'zato(r)/ n. 渴望 ;欲望
vt. 渴望 ; 期望
carry on 继续 做 ， 坚 持 干
ongoing /pngauI/
adj. 持续 存在 的 ; 仍 在 进行 的 ; 不 断 发 展 的
on board 在 宇宙 飞船 上 ; 在 船上 ;在 飞机 上
independently /,ndi'pendantli/
adv, 独立 地 ; 自立 地
independent /mdrpendent/
adj. 独立 的 ; 自立 的

fa]

spacecraft /'speiskra:ft/n. AB; 宇宙 飞船
spacewalk /'speiswo:k/n. 太空 行走 ;太空 行走 的 时 间
jade /dgeid/n. 玉 ; $B; 玉器
dock /dok/ vi. & (两 架 航 天 器 ) 对 接 ; (使 ) …… 进 港
n. 码头 ; 船坞
signal /‘signol/ vt. & vi. 标志 着 ; 标明; 发 信号
nes; 标志
in the hope of doing sth 抱 着 …… 的 希望
so as to (do sth) 为 了 ;以 便
recycle /ri:'sarkl/ vr. 回收 利用 ;再 利
muscle /mAsl/ 7 .肌肉 ;实力 ; 影响 力
lack /lek/n.RZ; 短缺 vt. RA; RE
float /flaut/ vi. 浮动 ; 漂流 ;漂浮
vt. 使 浮动 ; 使 漂流
otherwise /Asswalz/ adv. 否则 ; BRR
beyond /brjond/ prep. 在 更 远 处 ; 超出
solar /'soula(r)/ adj. 太阳 的 ; 太阳 能 的
Solar System 太阳 系 ; 类 太阳 系
current /kArent/ adj. 当前 的 ; 现在 的
.水流 ; 电流 ; 思潮
figure out ##; #48; FAA
sufficient /so'fifnt/ adj. 足够 的 ; 充足 的
soap /soup/ n. 肥皂
towel /'taval/n. Eh; 抹布
microwave /'markrawerv/
n. (also microwave oven ) 微波 炉
tissue /trfu' ‘tisju/n. 4th; ( 人 、 动 植物 细胞 的 )
组 织
facility /fo'silati/ n. Rik; 设备
keen /ki'n/ adj. 热衷 的 ; 渴望 的
globe /gloub/ n. 地 球 ; 世界 ;地球 仪
argue /‘a:gju:/ vt. & vi. iE; 争辩 ;争论
argument /‘a:gjumont/n. #i¢; 争吵 ; 论点
fatal /‘fertl/ adj. 致命 的 ; 灾难 性 的
shallow /aleu/ adj. 肤浅 的 ; 浅 的
result in 导致 ;造成
pattern /patn/ 7. 模式 ; 图 案 ; 模范
analysis /a'nzlosis/ n. (pl. analyses /o'nzlasi:z/)
( 对 事物 的 ) 分 析 ; 分 析 结 果
as aresult 所 以 ; 结果 (是 )
high-end adj. 高 端的
monitor /‘monita(r)/ n. AWM; 监测 仪
vt, 监视 ; 监测 ; 监控
regularly /regjslali/ adv. 经 常 ; 定期 地
regular /‘regjala(r)/ adj. 定期 的 ; 经 常 的 ; 正常 的
foam /foum/ n. 泡沫 橡胶 ; 泡沫
pillow /‘prlou/ n. tt
smartphone /'sma:tfoun/ n. 智能 手机

resource /ri'so:s/n. Rik; MA; 物力
limited /‘Inmitid/ adj. 有 限 的
provide for sb 提供 生活 所 需
closing /‘klouzin/ adj. 结尾 的 ; 结束 的
n. 停业 ; 关闭 ; 倒闭

in closing 最 后
mystery /‘mistri/n. 神秘 事物 ; ik
run out 用 完 ; 耗 尽
attach /a'taetf/ vt. 系 ; 绑 ; 贴
oxygen /'pksidgan/n. 4; 氧气

Sputnik /'spatnik/ 1
“ 旅 伴 一 号 ” ( 苏联 发 射 的 人 类 第 一 颗 人 造 卫 星 )
the USSR abbr. the Union of Soviet Socialist
Republics 苏联
Yuri Gagarin /‘ju:ri 'ga:germ/
AB + MAMA ( 苏联 宇航 员 )
Neil Armstrong /nrel ‘a:mstron/
尼 尔 ' 阿姆斯特朗 ( 美国 宇航 员 )
NASA /'nzso/ abbr. National Aeronautics and Space
Administration ( 美国 ) 国家 航空 与 航天 局
Voyager /'vond3a(r)/ 1“ 旅 行者 一 号 ”
Soyuz /so:'juz/ 11“ 联 盟 11 号 ”
Challenger /'tfaelmd3a(r)/ “HAR” SHAWL
the International Space Station 国际 空间 站
Jade Rabbit “ER” AR#
Mars /maiz/n. KB
Jupiter /‘dgu:pita(r)/ 1. 木星
Typhoon Goni 台风 天 鹅
GPS abbr. global positioning system 全 球 ( 卫星 ) 定位
系统

§ Unit 5

basis /‘bersis/n. 基础 ; 根据 ; 基点

on the basis of 在 某 事 的 基础 上 ; 根据 某 事
loan /loun/ n. 贷款 ; 借款

take out a Loan 取得 贷款
plastic /plaestrk/ n. 塑料

adj. 塑料 制 的 ;塑料 的

apologise /spplsd3arz/ (also apologize)

vi. RK; 谢罪
ignore /1g'noi(r)/ vt. 忽视 ;对 …… 不 予 理会
in return 作为 回报 ; 作为 回应
judge /d5Ad3/ vt. & vi. Ft; 评判 ; 判断

KE; BHA; RAR

scene /si:n/
n. ( 戏剧 或 歌剧 的 ) 场 ; 现场 ; 场面

Words and Expressions in Each Unit

narrator /ererts(T)/
n. ( 书 、 戏 剧 或 电影 中 的 ) 叙述 者 ; 讲述 者 ;
节目 中 的 ) 幕后 解说 员
Narration /no'rerfn/n. GA; HA; AR
bet /bet/n. 打赌 ; 赌注
(bet, bet ) vi. & vi.
vt. 敢 说
make a bet 打 个 赌
servant /sa;vent/ 7. 仆 人 ; 用 人
as a matter of fact 事实 上 ; HX; 说 真 的
by accident 偶然 地 ;， 意外 地
sail /sexl/
vi. & vt. (SB) 航行 ; (人 ) 乘 船 航行
Spot /sppt/ vt. 看 见 ; 注意 到 ; 发 现
nthe; 处 所; 斑点 ; 污 迹
consulate /kpnsjalat; NAmE ka'mnselet/ n. 领事 馆
dare /dea(r)/ vi. & modal v. 胆敢 ;敢于
sort /so:t/n. FHA; 类 别
mining /‘mainm/ n. 采矿 ; 采矿 业
patience /perfns/ 7 耐心 ; 忍耐 力 ; 毅力
to be honest 说 实话 ;坦率 地 说
ought /o:t/ to 应 该 ; 应 当
be about to do sth 即将 或 正 要 ( 做 某 事 )
indicate /mdikert vt. & vi. 表明 ; 显示
vt. 象征 ;暗示

( 电视

下 赌注 ;

beneath /brni:6/
adv. 人 prep. 在 (或 往 ) 下 面 ; 在 …… 的 表面 之 下
postpone /po'spoun/ vw. 延迟 ; 延期 ;延缓
odd /pd/ adj. S120; 怪异 的 ; 反常 的
obligation /pbli'gerfn/ n. 义务 ; 职责 ; 责任
intention /m'tenfn/ mm. 打算; 计划 ; BA; 目的
nowhere /‘nouwea(r)/ adv. 无 处 ;哪里 都 不
in case 以 防 ;以 防 万 一
extent /tk'stent/n. 程度 ; 限度 ; 大 小 ; 范围
to... extent 到 ……' 程 度 ， 在 …… 程 度 上
opera /'ppro/ n. 歌剧
musical /‘mju:ztkl/ n. SEI adj. 音乐 的
dinosaur /‘damaso:(r)/ n. B&H
hug /hag/ vt. & vi. 拥抱; 抱 紧
pursue /po'sju:/ vt. 追求 ; RAF
duty /‘dju:ti; NAmE 'du:ti/ n. RE; XH; WAR; (AVE
on duty 值班 ; 值勤
hesitate /hezitert/ vi. HR; 迟疑; 顾虑
sequence /'siikwons/ ve. 按 顺序 排列 n. I; 一 系列
eventually /1'ventfuoli/ adv. mia; 终于

107

~~ Appendices

108

tailor /'terlo(r)/n. ( 男装 ) #4
vt. BITRE; 定做

clerk /kla:k; NAmE kls:rk/n. RA; 文书 ; 店员
manner /maena(r)/

n. 举止 ; 行为 方式 ; 方法 ; [pl.] 礼貌 ; 礼仪

ina... manner

以 一 种 …… 的 方式 ; BE EF

downstairs /,daun'steoz/

adv. 顺 楼 梯 而 下 ; 在 楼 下 ; 往 楼 下
stair /stea(r)/n. 楼 梯 ; 梯级
aside /o'said/ adv. 到 旁边 ; 在 旁边 ; 留 ; 存
frown /fraun/ n. & vi. SUA
in that case 既然 那样 ， 假 使 那样 的 话
option /ppfn/

n. 可 选择 的 事物 ; 选择 ; 选择 权
broad /bro:d/ adj. 宽阔 的 ; 广阔 的 ; 广泛 的
indeed /in'di:d/ adv. 其 实 ; 实际 上 ; 当然 ; 确实
normal /‘no:ml/

adj. 典型 的 ; 正常 的 ; 一 般 的 ; 精神 正常 的

n. 常态 ; 通常 标准 ; 一 般 水 平
willing /walmy/ adj. 愿意 ; 乐意

be willing to do sth 愿意 或 乐意 做 某 事
element /‘elimont/n. 要 素 ; 基本 部 分

plot /plot/n. 故事 情节 ;布局 ;阴谋
ambassador /em'besada(r)/
n. AB; HT; 代表
upper-class adj. 上 流 社 会 的 ， 上 等 阶层 的
upper /‘apo(r)/ adj. 上 面 的 ; 上 层 的 ; 靠 上 部 的
the upper class 上 流 社会 上 等 阶层
maintain /mein'tem/
vt. 维持 ; 保持 ; 维修 ; 保养
permission /pa'mifn/
7. 准许 ; 许可 ; 批准 ; 许可 证
permit /po'mit/ ve. & vi. RIE; 准许 ;使 有 可 能
saying /‘seun/n. 81; 格言 ;警句
external /tk'sta:nl/ adj. 外 部 的 ; 外 面 的 ; 外 来 的

Roderick /‘rodorik/ 罗 德 里 克
Oliver /plrve(r)/ 奥利弗
Henry Adams /henri 'edomz/ 享 利 . 亚当 斯
The Phantom /fantem/ of the Opera

《歌剧 魅影 》 ( 音乐 剧 )
Reid /rerd/ 里 德
Todd /tod/ 托 德
Portia Langham /po:fea 'lenom/ 波 希 亚 ， 兰 厄 姆

Vocabulary
词汇 表

iE: 黑体 部 分 为 课 标 词 和 短语 ; 自体 部 分 为 非 课 标 词 ; 带

HA
(at) first hand 第 一 手 ; 亲自 (3)
a great deal (of) 大 量 (2)

absolutely /‘ebsolu:tli/ adv. 绝对 地 ; 完全 地 = (1)
accessory /ak'sesori/ n. 配饰 ; 附件 ; 配件 (3)

accident /‘eksidont/ n. Bik; =; 失事 (2)

by accident 偶然 地 ;意外 地 (3)
admit /od'mit/ vi. & vt. 承认

vt. 准许 进入 ( 或 加 入 ) (3)

after all 毕竟 ; 别 忘 了 (D
afterwards /‘a:ftowadz/

( NAmE usually afterward ) adv. 以 后 ; 后 来 (3)
agency /‘e1d3onsi/

n. (政府 的 ) 专门 机 构 ; 服务 机 构 ; 代理 处 (4)
agriculture /agrikAltfa(D/ 7 农业; 农艺 (1)
agricultural /gr'kaltfaral/

adj. RAL ( 劳动 /生产 ) (D
ambassador /am'baseds(r)/

n. 大 使 ， 使节 ;代表 (5)
analysis /a'nelasis/ n. (pl. analyses /a'nzelasi:z/)

( 对 事物 的 ) 分 析 ; 分 析 结果 (4)
apart from ( especially NAmE aside from )

除了 …… 外 (还 ) ;此 外 (3)
apologise /a'ppladg3aiz/ (also apologize)

vi. 道歉 ; HS (5)
appoint /apomt/ we. 任命 ;委派 (2)
archery /‘a:tfori/n. 射箭 术 ;， 射箭 运动 ()
argue /‘a:gju:/ vt. & vi. iE; BH; 争论 (4)

argument /‘a:gjumont/n. 争论 ; 争吵 ; 论点 (4)
as a matter of fact 事实 上 ， RX; 说 真 的 (5)

as aresult 所 以 ; 结果 (是 ) (4)
aside /o'said/ adv. 到 旁边 ; 在 旁边 ; 留 ; F (5)
assist /o'stst/ vt. 帮助 ; 援助 (2)
astronaut /‘estrono:t/n. 宇航 员 ; ABA (4)
Atlantic /ot'lenttk/ adj. 大 西洋 的 (3)

符号 的 词汇 为 专 有 名 词 。

atmosphere /‘etmasfia(r)/

n. 气氛 ; 氛围 ; ( 地 球 的 ) 大 气 ( 层 ) (D
attach /o'teet{/ vt. A; 绑 ; 贴 (4)
autonomous /9:'tonamas/

adj. 自治 的 ; 有 自治 权 的 ()
BB

Bank of Canton /kanton/ 广东 银行 (3)
bar /ba:(r)/ 7. 酒吧 ; 小 吃 店 ; 小 馆子 (3)
basis /'beisis/n. 基础 ; 根据 ; 基点 (5)

on the basis of 在 某 事 的 基础 上 ;根据 某 事 (5)
be about to do sth 即将 或 正 要 ( 做 某 事 ) (5)
belief /br'li:f/n. 4410; 信心 ; 信任 qd)
beneath /bi'ni:6/

adv. & prep. 4 (BRE) ++ 下 面 ; 在 …… 的 表面 之 下 (3)
bet /bet/n. 打赌 ; 赌注

(bet, bet) vi. & vt. PIE; Fe 打赌
vt. 敢 说 (3)
make a bet 打 个 财 (5)
beyond /brjpnd/ prep. 在 更 远 处 ; 超出 (4)
bite /bait/ vt. & vi. ( bit /bit/, bitten /brtn/ ) BE; 叮 ; #
n. BR; (BPA) 一 口 ; BA (2)
boot /burt/ n. HF (3)
branch /bra:nt§/ n. 树枝 ; 分支; 支流 (1)
brief /bri:f/ adj. 简洁 的 ; 简单 的 ; 短暂 的 (1)
bring about 导致 ， 引起 (3)
broad /bro:d/ adj. 宽阔 的 ; 广阔 的 ; 广泛 的 (5)
Bufol /,bu:'npl/ 布 尼 奥 尔 ( 西班牙 小 镇 ) (1)

Ic

café /‘kefe1; NAME ke'fer/n. 咖啡 馆 ; 小 餐馆 = (2)
California /keli'fo:nio/ 加 利 福 尼 亚 ( 美国 州 名 ) (3)
Cantonese /kantemi'z/ adj. 广东 的 ; Biss

n. BiB; 广东 人 (3)
Carla /ka'la/ 卡拉 (1)

Vocabulary

109

Appendices =

110

carnival /‘ka:nrvl/ n. 狂欢 节 ; 嘉年华 (1)
carry on 继续 做 ， 坚 持 干 (4)
carry.sb through sth 帮助 菜 人 渡 过 难关 (2)
Cart /ka:t/n. 手推车; 运 货 马车 (2)
ceremony /'seramoni/n. 典礼 ; 仪式 (D)

chain /tfern/n. 一 连 串 ( 人 或 事 ) ;链子 ; 链条 (2)
chairman /tfesman/ n. 主席 ; 主持 人 ; 董事 长 (2)
Challenger /'tfaelind3a(r)/

“挑战 者 ”号 航天 飞机 (4)
charm /tfa:m/ n. 魅力 ; 迷人 的 特征 ;加 语 (1)
cheese /tfi:z/n. FH; 奶酪 (3)
china /tfamay 7m. 资 ;瓷器 (3)
chip Mfrp/

n. ( 英 ) 炸 土 豆 条 ; ( 美 ) MBA; 芯片 ; 碎片 (3)
Christmas carol /‘kerol/ 圣诞 颂歌 (1)

church /tfa:t{/n. (#888) 教堂 礼拜堂 (1)
claim /kleim/ vt. & n. FR ( 生命 ) ; 宣称 ; 断言 (3)
clap /klep/ vt. 鼓掌 ; 拍手 ; 击 掌

ne; 拍手 ; 掌声 (1)

clerk /kla:k; NAmE kls:irk/n. FRA; 文书 ; ER (5)

climate /‘klamot/n. “Ue (3)

Clinic /‘klmnrk/ 7. SAF; MF (2)

closing /‘klouzin/ adj. 结尾 的 ; 结束 的

n. 停业 ; RA; 倒闭 (4)

in closing 最 后 (4)

clothing /klauam/ n. 衣服 ; 服装 (3)
cm abbr. (centimetre /senttmi'te(r)/ or

centimeter) 厘米 (4)

colleague /'koli:g/ n. IS; Fite (2)

collection /ka'lekfn/n. 作品 集 ; 收集 物 ; 收藏 品 (3)
comic /‘komik/n. 连环 画 杂志 ;漫画 杂志 ;喜剧 演员

adj. FRI; 使 人 发 笑 的 (3)
Coming-of-Age Day 成 人 节 (1)

commercial /ko'ms:f1/
adj. 7M“ ( 化 ) 的 ;以 获 利 为 目的 的 (1)

commercialise (NAmE also -ize)
/ka'ma:falaiz/ vt. 使 商业 化 ; 利用 …… 牟利 (1)
commercialisation (NAmE also -ization)
/ko,ma:falat'zerfn/ n. 商业 化 (1)
complain /kom'plem/ vi. & vt. 抱怨 ; RR (2)
congratulate /kon'gretfulert/
vt.) (RA) BR; (ARS) 为 自己 感到 自豪 (1)
congratulation /kon,gretfu'lerfn/
ARR; RE (1)
construction /kon'strakjn/
n. 建筑 ;建造 建造 物 ; ( 句子 、 短 语 等 的 ) 结构 (3)
consulate /'konsjalat; NAmE 'ka:nsolat/ n. 领事 馆 (5)
contain /kon'tem/ vt. 包含 ; 24; 容纳 (3)

costume /‘kpstju:m/

n. ( 某 地 或 某 历史 时 期 的 ) 服装 ; 戏 装 (1)
court /ko:t/n. ( 网 球 等 的 ) 球场 ; 法 院 ; 法 庭 (2)
crop /krop/n. ER; 作物 ; 一 季 的 收成 (1)
current /‘karont/ adj. 当前 的 ; 现在 的

no; 电流 ; 思潮 (4)

BD

dare /dea(r)/ vi. & modal v. FBR; BF (5)
data /'‘deito/n. [pl.] 资料 ;数据 (4)
decade /‘dekerd/n. +; 十 年 期 (2)
decorate /‘dekoret/ vt. 装饰 ; 装潢 (1)
definitely /‘definotli/ adv. BE; 确实 (3)
desire /di'zaio(r)/n. 渴望 ; 欲望
vt. 渴望 ; 期 望 (4)
despair /di'spea(r)/ n. #2
vi. BB; 感到 无 户 (2)
in despair 处 于 绝望 中 (2)

determine /di'ts:mim/ vt. 查 明 ; AE; RE (4)
determined /di'ts:mind/

adj. 有 决心 的 ; 意志 坚定 的 (4)
diagram /‘datogrem/ n. 简 图 ; 图 解 ; 图 表 ; 示意 图 (3)
dilemma /di'lemo/ n. 进退 两 难 的 境地 ; 困境 (2)
dinosaur /‘damaso:(r)/n. &# (5)
disappointed /,diso'porntid/ adj. 失望 的 ; BIANCA)
disguise /drs'garz/ vt. 装扮 ; 假扮 ; 掩盖

n. 伪装 ; 化 装 用 具 (2)
district /‘distrikt/n.#hK; KR (3)
diverse /dar'va:s/ adj. 不 同 的 ; 多 种 多 样 的 (3)
diversity /dar'va:soti/
n. 差异 ( 性 ) ; 不 同 ( 点 ) ; 多 样 性 (3)
dock /dok/ vi. & vt. (两 架 航天 器 ) 对 接 ; (使 )…… 进 港
n. 码头 ; 船坞 (4)
downstairs /,daun'steoz/
adv. 顺 楼 梯 而 下 ;在 楼 下 ; 往 楼 下 (5)
downtown /,daun'taun/ adv. 在 市 中 心 ; 往 市 中 心 (3)
dress (sb) up 穿 上 盛装 ;装扮 (D)
duty /djuti; NAmE duxti/ 半 .责任 ; 义务 ; 职责 ; 值班 (5)
on duty 值班 ; 值勤 (5)
HE
eagle /‘i:gl/ n. BE (1)
earn /3in/ vt. & vi. HS; RS; 赢得 ; 博得 (3)
earn a living 谋生 (3)
elect /i'lekt/ vt. 选举 ; 推选 (2)
election /1'lekfn/n. #28; 推选 ; 当选
element /‘elimont/n. 要素; 基本 部 分

elsewhere /els'wes(r)/ adv. 在 别处 ; 去 别处

energetic /ene d5etrk/
adj. 精力 充沛 的 ; 充满 活力 的
entrust /in'trast/ vt. 委托 ; 交付
envelope /‘envoloup/ n. 信封 ; 塑料 封套
escape /i'skerp/ vi. & vt. 逃走; 逃脱 ; 避 开
n. 逃跑 ; 逃脱 ;解脱
ethnic /‘e@ntk/

(2)
(5)
(2)

(2)
(2)
(yy

(3)

adj. 具有 民族 特色 的 ; 异国 风味 的 ; 民族 的 ; 种 族 的 (3)

eve /isv/n. 前夕; 前 一 天
eventually /1'ventfuali/ adv. 最 后 ; 终于
evil /i:vl/ adj. BEN; ASN; 罪恶 的
n. BR; 罪恶 ; BA
except for 除 …… 之 外
export /‘ekspo:t/n. HO; 出 口 商品
/tk'sport/ vt. 出 口 ; 输出 ;传播

extent /ik'stent/n. 程度 ; 限度 ; 大 小 ; 范围

to... extent 到 …… 程 度 ; 在 …… 程 度 上
external /1k'sts:nl/

adj. 外 部 的 ; 外 面 的 ; 外 界 的 ; 外 来 的

|

fable /‘ferbl/n. 寓言 ;寓言 故
facility /fo'stloti/ n. 设施 ;设备
fade /feid/ vi. & vt. 逐渐 消失 ; (48) BE;
( 身体 ) 变 得 虚弱
fade away 逐渐 消失 ; (SA) 变 得 虚弱
faint /femt/ vi. 8); 2H
adj. 不 清楚 的 ; 微弱 的
faith /fer0/n. 宗教 信仰 ; 信任 ; 相
fancy /faensi/ adj. 花哨 的 ;精致 的 ;昂贵 的
vt. 想 要 ; GR; 自 认 为 是
faraway /'fa:rower/ adj. 遥远 的
fatal /'fertl/ adj. 致命 的 ;灾难 性 的
feature /'fi:tfo(r)/n. 特色 ; 特征 ; 特点

=

Dp

fee /fi:/n. 专业 服务 费 ; 报酬
figure /‘figo(r)/ vt. 认为 ;认定
n. 数字 ; AM; 身材
figure out #i#; 弄 清楚 ; AB

financial /farnaenfl/ adj. 财政 的 ; 财务 的 ; 金融 的

firecracker /‘fata,kreko(r)/ n. #848; 爆竹
firework /'farows:k/ n. HK; 烟花 ;

(D
(5)

(D)
(D)

(2)
(5)
(5)

(5)

(2)
(4)

q)
(D)

(2)
q)

qd)
(2)
(4)

()
(2)

(二
(4)
(3)
q)

pl.] 烟花 表演 (1)

first aid 急救
flexible /'fleksobl/ adj. 灵活 的 ; 可 变通 的
float /flout/ vi. 浮动 ; BR; 漂浮
vt. 使 浮动 ; 使 漂流
foam /foum/ n. 泡沫 橡胶 ; 泡沫
fold /fould/ vt. 包 ; 3; ira

vt. & vi. (TY) Hr); (可 ) BF

fortune /'fo:tfun; NAmE 'fortfan/n. 机 会 ;运气

fortune cookie 幸运 曲 奇
frank /frenk/ adj. 坦率 的 ; 直率 的

to be frank 坦白 说 ; 坦率 地 说
frontier /frAntre(r)/ n. 边境 ;国界 ;边远 地

frown /fraun/ n. & vi. SB

和 G

gather /‘geda(r)/ vt. 聚集; 搜集 ; 收割
vi. RR; 集合
giant /‘dgaront/ adj. 巨大 的 ;伟大 的
n. BA; BS; fA
globe /gloub/ n. 地 球 ; 世界 ; 地 球 仪
go off 爆炸 ;走火 ; 离开
GPS abbr. global positioning system
全 球 ( 卫星 ) 定位 系统
grace /grers/7. 优美 ; 优雅 ;高雅
graffiti /gre'fi'ti/ n. [pl.] 涂鸦 ; 胡 写 乱 画
grateful /grertfl/ adj. 感激 的 ;表示 感谢 的
gratitude /gratrtju:d/ 7” 感激 之 情 ; 感谢
gravity /‘grevati/n. 重力; 引力
gumbo /'gambou/
NAKA ( FAS ARS HSCS )

HH

Halloween /,helou'i:n/n. 万圣节 前 夕
harm /hamy 7. & vt. 伤害 ; 损害
harvest /‘ha:vist/

n BORE; 收获 ; 收成

vi. & vt. WB) ( ER) ; 捕猎 ( 动物、 鱼 )
have sth in common

( 兴趣 、 想 法 等 方面 ) 相同 ; 有 相同 的 特征
head to ( 朝 …… ) 前 进 ; ( 向 …… 4

Henry Adams /'henri 'adomz/ #4! «3

Henry Norman Bethune /henri 'no:mon

bo'Ojun/ 4) + 诺 曼 ' ARB
herbal /hs:bl/ adj. 药草 的 ; 香草 的

Vocabulary

(2)
(2)

(4)
(4)

(3)
(3)
3)
(1)
(1)
(4)
(5)

(1)

(4)
(4)
(1)

(4)
(1)
(3)
(1)
(1)
(4)

(3)

q)
(2)

(D

(D

(3)

(5)

(2)
(3)

111
112

Appendices

hesitate /‘hezitert/ vi. 犹豫 ;， 迟疑; 顾虑

high-end adj. 高 端的

hire /hare(r)/ vt. 聘任 ; 雇用; 租

n. 租借 ; 租

historical /hrstprikl/ adj. ( 有 关 ) 历史 的

horrible /horsbl/
adj. 令 人 震惊 的 ; 恐怖 的 ; 极 坏 的
Huangguoshu Waterfall /wo:tafo:1/

黄果树 瀑布
hug /hag/ vt. & vi. HaHa; 抱 紧

ignore /1g'nox(r)/ vt. 忽视 ， 对 …… 不 予 理 会
illustrate /‘rlostrert/

vt. ( 举例 ) 说 明 ; 阐明 ; 给 ( 书 或 文章 ) 加 插

immigrant /rzmargrent/ n. ( 外 来 ) 移民 ;外 侨
import /‘impo:t/n. #0; 进口 商品
/mm'po:t/ vt. 进口 ; 输入 ; 引进

in case 以 防 ;以 防 万 一
in return 作为 回报 ;作为 回应
in spite /spart/ of 不 管 ; 尽管
in that case 既然 那样 ; 假使 那样 的 话
in the hope of doing sth 抱 着 …… 的 希望
income /rmkAmy/z. 收 入 ; 收益
indeed /im'di'd/ adv. 其 实 ; 实际 上 ; 当然 ; 确实
independent /mdrpendent/

adj. 独立 的 ; 自立 的

independently /mdrpendentli/

adv. 独立 地 ; 自立 地
indicate /mdikert/ vt. & vi. AA; 显示

vt. 象征 ; 暗示

inner /ma(r)/ adj. AB; 里 面 的 ; 内 心 的

Inner Mongolia /mpn'gaulia/ Autonomous

Region 内 蒙古 自治 区
insurance /m'fusrsns/7. 保险 ; 保险 业
intelligent /in'telid3zont/

adj. 有 智慧 的 ; 聪明 的 ; 有 智力 的
intention /in'tenfn/n.#7%; 计划 ; BA; 目的
item /artamy/ 7. 项 目 ， 一 件 商品 ( 或 物品 ) ;

一 条 ( 新 闻 )

| 加

jade /dgetd/n. =; $B; 玉器
Jade Rabbit “E%” AR
jazz /dgez/n. B+

(5)
(4)

(2)
(3)

()

(3)
(5)

(5)

(2)
(3)

(2)
(5)
(5)
()
(5)
(4)
(2)
(5)

(4)

(4)

(5)
(D)

(D)
(2)

(4)
(5)

jeans /d3imnz/ n. 447
journal /‘dga:nl/n. AS; Bic; 报纸 ; 刊物
Journey to the West (ili)
joy /dzo1/n. 高兴; 喜悦
joyful /dsorfl / adj. 高 兴 的 ; 快乐 的
judge /d5Ad3/ vr. & vi. Ht; 评判 ;判断
NRE; 审判 员 ; RAR

Jupiter /‘dgu:pita(r)/ n. 木星

ik

keen /kin/ adj. 热衷 的 ; 渴望 的
kindergarten /kmdaga:tn/ 半 学 前 班 ; 幼儿

BL

La Tomatina /la: touma:'tina:/ 番茄 大 战
lack /lek/n. 缺乏 ; 短缺 vt. 没有 ; RE
lantern /lanten/ n. 灯笼; 提 灯

lap /lap/n. (2H) 大 腿 部 ; (跑道 等 的 )

launch /lomtf/ vt. & n. 发射; RR; Lip
leap /lisp/n. 跳跃 ; 剧 增 ; 剧变

(leapt, leapt /lept/ or leaped, leaped)

vi. & vt. Best; 跃 过
limited /Immitid/ adj. 有 限 的
limp /lump/ vi. 8&4; —#—isiba
lip /lip/ .嘴唇
loan /loun/ n. 贷款 ; 借款
take out a loan 取得 贷款
lunar /‘lu:na(r)/ adj. 阴历 的 ;月 球 的 ;月亮 的

IM

maintain /mein'tern/

vt. 维持; 保持 ; 维修 ; 保养
majority /ma'd3proti/n. ABB; ASK
make-up n. 化 妆 品 ; 性 格 ; 构成 方式
mankind /maen'karnd/ n. 人 类
manner /mana(r)/

几 . 举止 ; 行为 方式 ; 方法 ; [pl.] 礼貌 ; 礼仪

ina... manner

以 一 种 …… 的 方式 ; 带 着 一 副 …… 的 样子

maple /'meipl/ n. 枫 树 ; 械 树
march /ma:tf/ vi. & n. 行进 ;前进 ;示威 游行
marriage /'merid3/ n. 438; 婚姻

Mars /ma:z/n. KB

(3)
(3)
(3)
()
(1)

(5)
(4)

(4)
(2)

()
(4)
(1)
(2)
(4)

(4)
(4)
(2)
(2)
(5)
(5)
(1)

(5)
(2)
(D
(4)

(5)

G)
(2)
(yy
(2)
(4)
mashed /meft/ potatoes 土豆 泥
material /mo'trorial/ n. 材料 ;布料 ; 素材

adj. 物质 的 ; 实际 的
medium /mi'dismy/

n. (pl. media /mi'die/ ) 媒介 ; FR: 方法

adj. PSH; 中 号 的

the media 大 众 传播 媒介
memory /‘memori/ 对 .记忆 力 ; 回忆

in memory of 作为 对 …… 的 纪念
mental /mentl adj. 精神 的 ; 思想 的
merry /meri/ adj. 愉快 的 ;高 兴 的

Merry Christmas! 圣诞 快乐 !

Mexico /‘meksikau/ 墨西哥
microwave /‘maikrowerv/

n. (also microwave oven ) 微波 炉
midnight /‘midnart/n. FR; 午夜
might /mait/n. 力量 ; 威力
mild /marld/ adj. BFK; MBH; 轻微 的
mining /‘mamm/ 1. 采矿 ; 采矿 业

(D

(3)

(D)
(D
(2)
(2)
(4)
(D)
q)
(3)

(4)
(2)
(2)
(3)
(5)

minority /mar'nproti/ n. 少 数 民族 ;少数 派 ;! 少数 人 (3)

mission /‘mifn/ 7 传教 (区 ) ; 任务 ; 使 命
moment /‘moumont/ n. Fi; 瞬间
Mongolian /mon'goulion/

adj. 蒙古 人 的 ; RAW; RABE

n. RAB; 蒙古 人
monitor /‘monita(r)/ 7. 监视 器 ; 监测 仪

vt. 监视 ; 监测 ; 监控
moral /mprel/ adj. 道德 的 ; 道义 上 的
n. 品行 ; 道德 ; 寓意

moral dilemma 道德 困境
muscle /mAsl/ 7. 肌 肉 ; 实力 ; 影响 力
mushroom /mAfrum/ n. 蘑菇 ; 曹
musical /‘mju:zikl/ 1. 音乐 剧
mystery /‘mistri/n. #BE%; i

PN

nachos /nztfauz/ n. [pl.] 墨西哥 玉米 片

Napa Valley /napa 'veeli/ 纳 帕 谷 ( 美
narration /no'rerfn/ n. SAR; 讲述 ;解说
narrator /no'reita(r)/

n. ( 书 、 戏 剧 或 电影 中 的 ) 叙述 者 ;讲述 者 ;

( 电视 节目 中 的 ) 幕后 解说 员

NASA /maese/ abbr. National Aeronautics and

Space Administration ( 美国 ) 国家 航空 与 航天 局
neat /ni:t/ adj. 极 好 的 ; 整洁 的 ; 整齐 的

团

(3)
(1)

()

(4)

(2)
(2)
(4)
(3)
(5)
(4)

(3)
(3)
(5)

(5)

(4)
@)

Neil Armstrong /‘niol 'a:mstron/
JER + 阿姆斯特朗 ( 美国 宇航 员 )
normal /‘no:ml/
adj. 典型 的 ; 正常 的 ; 一般 的 ; 精神 正常 的
n. 常态 ;通常 标准 ; 一 般 水 平
nowhere /‘nouweo(r)/ adv. 无 处 ; 哪里 都 不

xe)

obligation /pbli'gerfn/ n. 义务 ; 职责 ; 责任
occasion /skeI3n/

才 . 特 别 的 事情 ( 或 仪式 、 庆 典 ) ;
occur /aks:(r)/ vi. RE; WH
odd /pd/ adj. FEM; 怪异 的 ; 反常 的

Oliver /plrve(r)/ 奥利弗
on board 在 宇宙 飞船 上 ;在 船上 ;在 飞机 上
ongoing /pngaum/

adj. 持续 存在 的 ; 仍 在 进行 的 ; 不 断 发 展 的
opera /pprs/ n. 歌剧
operation /ppo'reifn/n. FA; 企业 ; BE
option /ppfn/

n. 可 选择 的 事物 ; 选择 ;选择 权
orbit /‘o:bit/

( 适当 的 ) 机 会

n. ( 环绕 地 球 、 太 阳 等 运行 的 ) 轨道 ; 势力 范

a]

vt. & vi. 沿 轨道 运行 ;环绕 …… 运 行
origin /prrdsrn/ 7. 起 源 ; HA; WS
otherwise /‘adowaiz/ adv. 否则 ; 要 不 然
ought /o:t/ to 应 该 ; 应 当
oxygen /'vksidgon/n. 4; 氧气

gP

pass away 去 世
passive /'pesiv/ adj. RAH; 顺从 的
patience /perfns/ n.d; 忍耐 力 ; 毅力
pattern /‘petn/n. 模式 ;图 案 ; 模范
Peking Union Medical College
北京 协和 医学 院
per /pa(r); pa(r):/ Prep. 每 ; 每 一
percentage /po'sentid3/n. 百分率 ; 百分比
permit /po'mit/ we. 允许 ;准许
vt. & vi. RI; 使 有 可 能
permission /pe mrfn/
nA; 许可 ; HOR; 许可 证
physician /fi'zifn/n. 医师; ( 尤 指 ) 内 科 医 生
resident physician 住院 医师

Vocabulary

(4)

(5)
(5)

(5)

q)
GB)
(5)
(6)
(4)

(4)
(5)
(2)

(5)

(4)
(D)
(4)
(5)
(4)

(2)
(2)
(5)
(4)

(2)
(2)
(3)

(5)
(5)

(2)
(2)

113
Appendices “一 一 一 ts

pillow /'pilou/ n. 枕头
plastic /‘plestik/ n. #8

adj. 塑料 制 的 ; 塑料 的

pleased /pli:zd/ adj. 高 兴 的 ; 满意 的

plot /plot/n. 故事 情节 ; HA; 阴谋

poetry /psustri/ n. SR; 诗歌 ;诗作

poison /'poizn/n. $4); 毒药 ;毒素
Vt. 毒 死 ; 毒害

poisonous /porzenes/

adj. 引起 中 毒 的 ， 有 毒 的 ;分 泌 毒素 的

pole /paul/n. ( 行星 的 ) 极 ; 地 极
Portia Langham /po:fa 'lenom/
波 希 亚 ， 兰 厄 姆

Portsmouth /po:tsms6/ Square

花园 角 广 场 ( BSW )

postpone /po'spoun/ vt. 延迟 ; 延期 ;延缓

pot /pot/n. #8; 壶 ; 锅

precious /prefas/ adj. 珍稀 的 ; 宝贵 的
pregnant /'pregnont/ adj. 怀孕 的 ;妊娠 的
principle /prmsspl/ .道德 原则 ; AM; 原则
procedure /pra'si'd5a(r)/ 7. 程序 ;步骤 ; 手续

provide for sb 提供 生活 所 需

publish /‘pablif/ vr. 发 表 ( 作品 ) ; 出 版
pudding /pudrm/ 7. 布 本 ( 餐 末 的 ) HE

pumpkin /‘pampkin/ n. 南瓜
pursue /pa sjuy vt. 追求 ; 致力 于

BR

range /remd3/

vi. 包括 (各 种 不 同 的 人 或 物 ) ; (在 一 定 范
n.—R3l; ( 变动 或 浮动 的 ) 范围 、 界 限
range from... to... 包括 从 …… 弄

recycle /ri:'sarkl/ ve. 回收 利用 ;再 利

reflect /rrflekt/ vt. 显示 ; 反映; 反射
region /'risdgon/n. 地 区 ;区域 ;地方

()
(5)
(3)

(3)

(3)
(2)

(5)

(3)
(5)
q)
(2)
(2)
(2)
(4)
(4)
(2)
(1)
()
(5)

四 内 ) 变化

qd)

之 间 (1)

(4)
(D)
(D)

regular /'regjala(r)/ adj. 定期 的 ; 经 常 的 ; 正常 的 (4)

regularly /regjslali/ adv. 经 常 ; 定期 地

Reid /rerd/ 里 德
reject /ri'dgekt/ vt. 拒绝 接受 ; RR
rejection /rrd5ekfn/
n. 拒绝 接受 ( 相信 …… ) ; 否决
religion /r'lidgon/n. 宗教 ; 宗教 信

religious /ri'lid3as/ adj. 宗教 的 ; SER

replace /rrplers/ vt. 接替 ; 取代; 更 换

(4)
G)
(2)

(2)
(1)

3)

(2)

represent /repri'zent/ vt. 象征 ; 代表 ; 相当 于

resource /ri'so:s/n. 资源; 财力 ;物力
respect /ris'pekt/n. & vt. BX; 尊重
respond /ris'pond/ vw. 回答 ; 回复
vi. RR; 回应

response /r'spons/n. RM; AS; 回复
result in 导致 ， 造 成
retire /ri'tara(r)/ vi. 人 让. 退休; 退职; 退出
riddle /‘ridl/n. 谜语 ; 神秘 事件

Rio /rizou/ ( 全 称 Rio de Janeiro /ri'eu do

d5smie reu/ ) 里 约 热 内 卢 ( 巴西 城市 )
roast /raust/ adj. 烤 的 ; 焙 的

vi. & vt. HIE; 焙

roast turkey 烤 火 鸡肉

robe /raub/ n. #AR; 礼 袍

1a

(2)

()

q)
()
(1)

Robert Louis Stevenson /robat ‘lu:i 'sti:vonson/

罗伯特 ， RAR - CR ( 英国 作家 )
rocket /‘rokit/n. 火箭 ; 火箭 弹

Roderick /rodartk/ 罗 德 里 克
run out 用 完 ; 耗 尽

is

sail /serl/
vi. & vt. (AB) 航行 ; (A) 乘 船 航行
samba /'sembo/n. 桑 巴 舞 ; 桑 巴 舞曲
San Francisco /,senfran'siskau/
圣 弗朗西斯 科 ( 旧金山 ) ( 美国 城市 )
satellite /saetelart/ .人造 卫星 ; 卫星
saving /‘setvin/ n. 节省 物 ; 节省 ; BA;
(pl.] HBS; Fi
saying /‘senn/n. 818; 格言 ;警句
scare /skea(r)/ vt. 惊吓 ; 使 害怕
vi. 受惊 吓
scared /skead/
adj. 害怕 的 ; Ke RB BR
scene /si:n/
n. ( 戏剧 或 歌剧 的 ) 场 ; 现场 ;场面
scholarship /'skolofip/n. 奖学金
seek /si:k/ vt. & vi. ( sought /so:t/, sought )
寻找 ; 寻求

(3)
(4)
(5)
(4)

(5)
()

(3)
(4)

(2)
(5)

(2)

(2)

(5)
(2)

(3)

seek one’s fortune 寻找 成 功 致富 之 路 ; 问世 界 (3)

select /si'lekt/ vt. 选择 ; 挑选 ;选拔
sequence /'si:kwons/ vt. 按 顺序 排列
n. 顺序 ; 一 系列

(3)

(5)
series /'stori:z/ n. 一 系列 ; 连续 ; 接连
series of 一 系列 或 一 连 串 ( 事件 )
servant /'sa:vont/n.{bA; 用 人
set off HX; 动身 ;启程
settle /'setl/ vt. 解决 ( 分 歧 ) ;确定 ; 安排 好
vi. 和解 ; 定居
shallow /‘felou/ adj. 肤浅 的 ; 浅 的

sharp /fa:py adj. (38, FERS) 急剧 的 ; 锋利 的 ;

明显 的
signal /'signol/ vt. & vi. BB; 标明 ; 发 信号
nfeS; 标志

significant /sig'nifikont/

adj. 有 重大 意义 的 ; 显著 的
smartphone /'sma:tfoun/ .智能 手机
so as to [do sth) 为 了 ;以 便
soap /soup/ n. 肥皂
solar /'soulo(r)/ adj. ABRAS; 太阳 能 的

solar system AMA; KAMA
sort /so:t/n. HHA; 类 别 ; MF
souvenir /surva'nia(r)/ n. 纪念 物 ; 纪念 品

Soyuz /so:'juz/ 11“ 联 盟 11 号 ”
spacecraft /'speiskra:ft/ n. MAB; 宇宙 飞船
spacewalk /'speiswo:k/

n. 太空 行走 ; 太空 行走 的 时 间
spicy /sparsi/ adj. 加 有 香料 的 ; 辛辣 的
spill /sprl/ vt. & vi. ( spilt/spilled, spilt/spilled )

(使 ) 酒 出 ; (使 ) 溢出
Spot /spot/ wt. 看 见 ; 注意 到 ; 发 现
n. 地点; 处 所 ; 斑点 ; 污 迹

Sputnik /'spatnik/ 1

“HAS” (ARRGHAKE—-RAE DE )
staff /sta:f/n. AL; SARA
stair /stea(r)/ n. Bib; 梯级
sufficient /so'fifnt/ adj. 足够 的 ; 充足 的
suit /su:t; BrE also sju:t/

n. 西服 ; BR

WS; 满足 …… 需 要 ; 相配 ; AS
super /'su:pa(r); BrE also 'sju'pe(r)/

adj. RIF AS; 超级 的

aT

tai chi /,tar 'tfis/ n. (also t’ai chi) ARE

(4)

(2)

(5)

(4)

(2)

(5)

(4)

(3)

(3)

(3)

tailor /‘terlo(r)/ n. ( 男装 ) REE ve. 专门 制作 ; 定做 (5)

take advantage of 利用 ; 208; 占 …… 的 便宜
tear /tia(r)/n. ARIA; 泪水

(D
(2)

in tears #438; 含 着 泪 (2)
tend /tend/ vt. 照顾 ; 照料 vi. 倾向 ; BF (2)
tend to do sth 易于 做 某 事 ; 往往 会 发 生 某 事 (2)
tension /tenfn/ 7. 紧张 关系 ; 紧张 ; 焦虑 (2)
tent /tent/n. 1K ()

Thanksgiving /6anks'grvm/ (Day) 感恩 节 (1)
the Golden /geuldan/ Gate Bridge 金门 桥 3)
the International Space Station 国际 空间 站 (4)
the Mission District 教会 区 ( 旧金山 ) (3)
the Naadam /na:dam/ Festival “那达慕 ”大 会 (1)
the National People’s Congress /kongres/

全 国人 民 代 表 大 会 (2)
the North/South Pole 北极 /南极 (2)
the OB-GYN department ( #%k Department
of Obstetrics and Gynecology ) 妇 产 科 (2)
the People’s Republic of China
中 华人 民 共 和 国 (2)
The Phantom /'fentam/ of the Opera
《歌剧 魅影 》 ( 音乐 剧 ) (5)
the Richmond /'rit{mond/ District
里 士 满 区 ( 旧金山 ) (GD)
the USSR abbr. the Union of Soviet Socialist
Republics 苏联 (4)
the Wenhai Scholarship “Xv” 4 (2)
therefore /‘Seofo:(r)/ adv. 因此 ; 所 以 (2)
Tin How Temple Alaa (3)
tissue /‘trfu:; ‘trsju:/n. 2k; ( 人 、 动 植物 细胞 的 )
组 织 (4)
to be honest 说 实话 ;坦率 地 说 (5)
to name but a few 仅 举 几 例 (3)
Todd /tod/ 托 德 (5)
towel /'tavel/n. 毛巾 ; 抹布 (4)
transmit /trens'mit/ vt. & vi. fe; 发 送 (4)
trip over 被 …… 绊 倒 (2)
tuition /tju'r{n/n. ( 尤 指 对 小 组 的 ) 教学 ; 讲课 (2)
tuition fees 学 费 (2)
turkey /ts:ki/ n. 火 鸡 ; KIS (1)
Typhoon Goni @AARS (4)

typical /‘tiprkl/ adj. 典型 的 ， 有 代表 性 的 ; 平常 的 C1)

hu

union /‘jumion/n. te; KAS; 工会 (2)
universe /‘ju:niva:s/n. 宇宙 ; 天 地 万 物 (4)

Vocabulary

115

Appendices +

upper /‘apo(r)/ adj. EMM; ERAS; 靠 上 部 的 。 (5) wedding /wedmy/m. 婚 礼 ， 结婚 庆典 (D
the upper class 上 流 社会 上 等 阶层 (5) whisper /‘wispo(r)/
upper-class adj. 上 流 社会 的 ， 上 等 阶层 的 (5) vi. & vt. 悄 声 说 ; 耳语 ; 低语
n. 耳语 ( 声 ) ; 低语 ( 声 ) ; 传言; 谣传 (2)
Q V willing /walmy/ adj. 愿意 ;乐意 (5)
be willing to do sth 愿意 或 乐意 做 某 事 (5)
vehicle /vi'ekl/ n. STA; 车 辆 (4) ~~ wrestle /resI/ vi. & vt. 摔跤 ， 奋力 对 付 qd)
Virtue /vs:tfuy .高 尚 的 道德 ; 美德 ; 优秀 品质 (2) wrestler /'resla(r)/ mm. 摔跤 运动 员 ()
Voyager /'vondga(r)/ 1 “旅行 者 一 号 " (4) wrestling /'reslin/ n. 摔跤 运动 (1)
iw HY
waitress /'wertras/n. (餐馆 的 ) 女 服务 员 ; 女 侍者 (2) Yuri Gagarin /juri 'ga:gormn/
EB + MAA ( 苏联 宇航 员 ) (4)

116
Irregular Verbs 不 规则 动词

Irregular Verbs

Verb Past tense | Past participle Verb Past tense | Past participle
be (am, is, are) | was, were been forgive forgave | forgiven
bear bore born, borne get got got/gotten
beat beat beaten give gave given
become became become go went gone
begin began begun grow grew grown
bet bet bet hang ( #4 ) hung hung
bite bit bitten have (has) had had
blow blew blown hear heard heard
break broke broken hide hid hidden
bring brought brought hit hit hit
build built built hold held held
burn burnt/burned_ | burnt/burned hurt hurt hurt
buy bought bought keep kept kept
catch caught caught know knew known
choose chose chosen lay aid laid
come came come lead ed led
cost cost cost lean leant/leaned | leant/leaned
cut cut cut leap leapt/leaped | leapt/leaped
deal dealt dealt learn learnt/learned | learnt/learned
dig dug dug leave left left
do (does) did done lend lent lent
draw drew drawn let let let
Ae dreamt/ dreamt/ ie ( #4) lay lain

dreamed dreamed
drink ararik. arunk ight lit/ighted lit/lighted
drive drove driven jose lost lost
eat ate eaten make made made
fall fell fallen mean meant meant
feed fed fed meet met met
feel felt felt mistake mistook mistaken
fight fought fought overcome overcame overcome
find found found oversleep overslept overslept
fly | flew flown pay paid paid
forget forgot forgotten put put put

117
Appendices

118

Verb Past tense | Past participle Verb Past tense | Past participle
quit quit/quitted quit/quitted speed sped/speeded| sped/speeded
read /ri:d/ read /red/ read /red/ spell spelt/spelled | spelt/spelled
ride rode ridden spend spent spent
ring rang rung spill spilt/spilled spilt/spilled
rise rose risen spread spread spread
run ran run stand stood stood
say said said steal stole stolen
see saw seen stick stuck stuck
seek sought sought strike struck struck/stricken
sell sold sold sweep swept swept
send sent sent swim swam | swum
set set set take took | taken
shake shook shaken teach taught taught
shine shone shone tell told told
shoot shot shot think thought thought
show showed shown throw threw thrown
shut shut shut understand understood understood
sing sang sung upset upset upset
sit sat sat wake woke woken
sleep slept slept wear wore worn
slide slid slid win won won
smell smelt/smelled | smelt/smelled write wrote written
speak spoke spoken

本 册 教 科 书 是 人 民 教 育 出 版 社 课程 教材 研究 所 英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心 与 美国 圣 智
学 习 集 团 合作 ， 依 据 教育 部 《普通 高 中 英语 课程 标准 ( 2017 年 版 )》 编 写 的 ， 经 国家 教材
委员 会 2019 年 审查 通过 。

本 册 教 科 书 的 编写 ， 集 中 反映 了 我 国 十 余年 来 普通 高 中 课程 改革 的 成 果 ， 吸 取 了
2004 年 版 《普通 高 中 课程 标准 实验 教科 书 英语 》 的 编写 经 验 ， 凝 聚 了 参与 课 改 实验 的 教
育 专家 、 学 科 专 家 、 教 材 编写 专家 、 教 研 人 员 和 一 线 教 师 ， 以 及 教材 设计 装帧 专家 的 集体
智慧 。 本 册 教 科 书 的 执笔 者 还 有 Jacqueline Eu, Ravin Daswani、Rayne Ngoi, Sika. fe
金霞 、 葛 炳 芳 、 赖 朝 辉 、 徐 雁 光 、 贵 丽 萍 、 郭 砚 冰 、 赵 钰 半 。 为 本 册 书 提供 整体 设计 的 是
昌 曼 、 胡 和 白 珂 ， 绘 制 插图 的 是 怡 彩 艺术 设计 。

我 们 感谢 2004 年 版 《普通 高 中 课程 标准 实验 教科 书 英语 》 的 副 主编 秦 亚 夫 和 编写 人
员 Dodie Brooks, Noral Allingham, Rick Sjoquist、 生 平等 。 我 们 感谢 为 本 册 书 提供 专业
支持 的 中 国 载 人 航天 工程 办 公 室 、 北 京 空 间 科 技 信息 研究 所 。 我 们 感谢 所 有 对 教科 书 的
编写 、 出 版 、 试 教 等 提供 过 帮助 与 支持 的 同仁 和 社会 各 界 朋友 。

本 册 教 科 书 出 版 之 前 ， 我 们 通过 多 种 渠道 与 教科 书 选用 作品 (包括 照片 、 画 作 ) 的 作
者 进行 了 联系 ， 得 到 了 他 们 的 大 力 支持 。 对 此 ， 我 们 表示 衷心 的 感谢 !

我 们 真诚 地 希望 广大 教师 、 学 生 及 家 长 在 使 用 本 册 教 科 书 的 过 程 中 提出 宝贵 意见 。 我
们 将 集思广益 ， 不 断 修 订 ， 使 教科 书 趋 于 完善 。

联系 方式
电话 : 010-58758866
电子 邮箱 : jcfk@pep.com.cn

人 民 教 育 出 版 社 “课程 教材 研究 所
英语 课程 教材 研究 开发 中 心
2019 年 4 月

说 向 为 本 书 提供 照片 的 单位 和 人 士 致谢

东方 IC 图 片 网 (P2 一 张 图 ，P6 一 张 图 ，P8 一 张 图 ，P11 两 张
Al, P28 一 张 图 ， P38 一 张 图 ，P39 一 张 图 ，P40 一 张 图 ，P41 两 张 图 ，
P64 一 张 图 ，P66 两 张 图 ，P84 一 张 图 );

全 景 网 (P13 一 张 图 );

Alamy Stock(P49 一 张 图，P88 一 张 图 );

Getty Images ( P28 一 张 图 ，P76 一 张 图 );

National Geographic Creative (P76 一 张 图 );
Thinkstock ( P76— 5k] )。
出 于 自用 和 兴趣 ， 收 集 了 相关 系列 的 课本 和 文档 。

非常 重要 声明 : 我 们 收集 的 文档 全 部 都 来 源 于 网 络 ， 所 有 版 权
都 归 相 关 出 版 社 ， 如 果 冒 犯 你 的 权益 ， 我 们 会 进行 相关 处 理 。 请 广
大 使 用 者 在 使 用 过 程 中 务必 注意 这 一 点 。

我 们 努力 收集 相关 的 教材 ， 练 习 ， 教 案 及 相关 文档 ， 只 为 自己
提供 便利 ， 可 能 也 为 你 提供 方便 。

如 果 想 查询 更 多 资料 可 咨询 我 们 。

